

ZetalTalk 

Direct Answers 
From thee  Zeta Reticuli Peoplee  

Nancy Lieder 

Granite Publishing, LLC  
Post  Office Box 1429, 

Columbus, NC  28722 U.S.AA.. 



Copyright ©  1999 by  Nancy Lieder 
All  righttss  reserved. 

No  partt  of  thiss  book may be  reproduced inn  any  form 
or byy  any electronic or  mechanical means 

including information and  retrieval systems 
without priorr  permission from the  publisher inn  writing.  

Cataloging-in-Publication Data 
Lieder, Nancy 1941- 

ZetaTalk ::  Direct Answers 
From the  Zeta  Reticuli People /  Nancy Lieder. -- I1stt  ed.  

p..  cm. 
ISBN: 1-893183-15-7 

1..  Life  on other planets.  2..  Human-alien encounters. 
3..  Unidentified flyingg  objects--Sightings and encounters. I..  Title. 

Library of  Congress Catalog Card Number: 99-57714 

Cover Artwork 
Suzanne Maksel 

Manuscript editor: Brian Crissey 

Printed inn  the  United States of  America. 

Address alll  inquiries to::  
Granite Publishing, LLC 
Post  Office Box 1429,,  

Columbus, NC 28722 U.S.A. 
828-894-3088 

Introduction 

Our home planet  iss  inn  the  star  system of  Zeta Reticuli. We and other 
visitors speak  through a  number of  conduits. Many channels aarree  vvaalliidd,,  aanndd  
some of  these on occasion carry our voice. However, Nancy iss  unique. We,  
the  Zetas,  are using  a  different form of  communication with our emissary 
Nancy than iss  done during  channeling. Nancy has  been willingly modified 
with Zetan genetic material inserted directlyy  into  her  brain. This  allows her  
to  be  more receptive to  our telepathic voice. This has  inn  no way changed 
Nancy from her  otherwise normal human form. 

We are Service-to-Others Zetas. Our audience iss  the  Service-to-Others 
humans. Humans inn  the  Service-to-Others struggle with the  many societal 
and  ecological problems thee  Earth presents today..  They  are of  our heart,  and  
we share their  grieff..  There are many groups on Earth already who operate inn  
the  Service-to-Others orientation. They  share their  resources, address the  
problems of  each as though  itt  were a  problem forr  the  many, sacrifice their 
own comfort for  thee  better comfort of  thee  many, and  do  not impede the  
growth or  awakening to  knowledge of  each other. Inn  the  Earth of  the  future,  
these qualities will  seem to  increase inn  people,  and  groups willl  find  lesss  and  
less  need for  artificial controls on their  behavior, and  more and more allow- 
ance forr  trust among each other. 

The Earth will  go  through physical cataclysms inn  the  near future,  due  to  
another passage of  the  12th Planet, inn  the  year 2003. There iss  truth inn  the  
rumors of  what iss  called thee  12th  Planet, a  gianntt  comet that  causes polee  shifts 
on Earth during  itss  passage. The Earth carries the  marks of  these violent 
ggeeoollooggiiccaall  changes, which rent continents apartt  and  heave mountains high..  
The deluge  occurred during  justt  such  a  passage. The Jewish Exodus oocc--  
curred during  the  lastt  passage. Greenland iss  thee  sitee  of  thee  priorr  North Pole,,  
which shifted during  thatt  time.  The  Earth’s crust slides  over thee  softt  molten 
core, the  crust pulled  inn  one direction and  thee  core, which iss  more magneti- 
calllyy  inclined, inn  another. Such aa  time  of  violent geological upheaval iss  againn  

pending forr  earthlings, who will  scarcely  be  prepared. 

Vv 



There will  be  much death. Most of  the  people  on Earth at  thiss  time  will  
be  unaware. The authorities willl  not encourage the  propagation of  informa- 

tion,,  wishing calm and  forr  the  status quo  to  continue. Even where there iss  
awareness, there  will  be  littlee  action. Many will  look about them,  and  debate 

their  lifestylee  should theyy  take  action. Most faced with  these grimm  choices 
willl  deal  with  thee  situation byy  denial. Between thee  unaware, the  unfortunate, 
and  the  reluctant, liee  most of  humanity. Those who survive thee  massive 
earthquakes, which will  level  cities  to  dust,,  and  the  massive tidal  waves, 
which will  inundate coast lines  forr  hundreds of  miles inland, will  be  few.  
Many will  move to  safee  areas and  set  up  communes, operating inn  thee  Service- 
to-Others mode of  the  future. These areas will  be  rural,,  essentially primitive, 
and  theyy  will  not  rellyy  on civilization as  theyy  now know itt  either before or 
after thee  cataclysms. 

The grieff  that  will  result from the  cataclysms will  be  no greater forr  any 
givenn  human than thee  grieff  their  normal lifee  would sustain. Any  survivor of  
the  cataclysms could have experienced aa  lifee  situation where home, job,,  
family  and  friends, and  health disappeared. This can and  does happen today  
to  many, and  not jusstt  due  to  acts of  nature. What will  be  different iss  that  the  
anticipated assistance from wealthy countries or  one’s own government will  
not  be  available. For most of  the  world, thiss  won’t come as  a  shock, as  itt  iss  
rather a  shock when theyy  do  receive assistance. For  wealthy industrialized 
countries, thiss  lack  of  assistance will  be  a  shock. Some individuals willl  have 
to  learn to  relyy  more on themselves and to  work communally with  others. 
These aarree  lessons that  lifee  teaches inn  any  case, however, and are not exclusive 
to  the  cataclysms. 

ZetaTalk 

vi 

Early  Man 

Mankind arose from a  combination of  sources, and  the  Earth was one. 
As  there iss  tremendous variation of  environments found throughout the  
Universe, inn  any genetic engineering project the  engineers find  itt  most 
profitable to  use, as a  base,,  a  species native to  the  planet.  The species in  thiss  
case was a  form of  ape no longer  inn  existence on Earth. Anthropologists 
searching for  this  missing link  have not found itt, , as this  ape  was chosen not 
for  itss  wide range but  for  itss  suitability. Having a  suitable base,,  several 
experiments were tried. Through genetic engineering, the  intelligence and 
dexterity of  this  ape was increased. The bipedal  stance was encouraged. The 
product of  genetic engineering then either survived and flourished or died out 
for  some reason. More often than not,,  the  product expired. This step  was 
repeated many times,  on different places  on Earth, and thiss  formed the  basis 
forr  the  various races of  mankind you see today..  

Early Man 

Man has  a  fascination with his  earlyy  forms forr  good  reason. Earlyy  Man 
was father to  the  child,  and  the  child wishes to  know whereof he  sprang. 
Early  Man’s appearance changed as  hiss  developmental stages changed— 
ranging as  one would expect from apelike to  manlike. Hypotheses on his 



Zetaa TTaallk 

appearance almost always leans inn  the  direction of  humanlike traitss,,  as s 
humans feell  uncomfortable to  some degree  when contemplating their  origins.  

Monkeys have brightt  coloration on their  faces and  behinds, and  so  didd  earlyy  

White Man. Sharp  prominent teeth were a  characteristic of  Gypsy Man, 

whose grimacing face  was more tooth than  otherwise. African Black Man 

was covered with  hairr,,  inn  hiss  earlyy  stages,  and  though black  men of  todayy  are 
without beards inn  thee  main, beards were present inn  thee  prototype. And the  
descendants of  China Man would be  surprised to  learn he  had  a  taill  forr  quittee  
some time. 

Man, inn  each of  the  six  races, was developed inn  stages., and  between 
these developmental stages there was aa  period  of  time forr  thingss  to  settle 
down and  forr  thee  genetically engineered product to  be  road tested. Would itt  
break down? Frequently thiss  happened, resulting inn  intervention, fine  tuning 
the  product  to  correct whatever was deemed to  be  the  problem. Archeolo- 
gisttss  discover bones, such as those  of  Neanderthal Man, and  wonder what 
became of  him. Did  he  diee  out? Did he  evolve? Itt  seems he  rather abruptly 
disappeared, and  such aa  strapping fellow he  was! 

Neanderthal Man 

Neanderthal Man was taken inn  hand to  correct a  problem. All  of  him? 
Yes.  This was affected byy  making him sterile,  a  simple  snipp  to  the  male,  
where he  roamed free,,  and  genetically engineering those taken into  the  lab.  
So  there will  be  no misinterpretation, lett  us explain  that  the  lab  did  not 
consist of  cages, but  inn  this  instance was an island, and  aa  paradise at  that.  
The lab  was a  controlled environment, but  with no more controls than  
necessary. So  what were Neanderthal’s problems, and  what didd  he  become? 
Neanderthal, bigg  brute that  he  was, had  a  digestive problem. Itt  iss  often 
assumed that  he  died  out because he  was stupid,  or confrontational, bbuutt  hhee  
was none of  these and  underwent change onlyy  because he  had tummy 
troubles. He was not livingg  his  fulll  lifee,,  and  some died  young, due to  his  
inability to  digesstt  the  foods available, or to  take  advantage of  the  fauna and  
flora  that  were inn  hiss  menu. Coming out of  hiss  genetic  correction, and  
retumrmned to  hiss  environs, he  looked different—a bitt  like  Cro-Magnon Mann.. 



Early  Man 

Homo Erectus 

The bones of  Homo Erectus simply  mark the  evolution of  more than  
one race at  a  particular stage.  Where did  he  go??  Into  the  labs  to  become the  
next stage.  You can equate the  puzzle  archeologists are tryingg  to  put  together 
with litter  along  the  highway. Here there are Coke bottles,  there plasticc  
wrappers, and  at  yett  another stretch,  no litter  at  alll..  Iff  one did  not understand 
that  litterr  was influenced byy  recycling efforts and  laws,  the  pricee  paidd  for  
aluminum and  glass,,  and  the  dedication of  local  groups or commandeered 
prisoners set  out to  pickk  the  roadside clear,,  thee  patterns would make no sense. 
The missing link  inn  thee  evolution of  man iss  not aa  particular pillee  of  bones as  
yett  undiscovered, itt  iss  the  teams of  genetic  engineers who periodically 
descended on Earth to  check on their  handiwork, and  leftt  when mankind had  
made another leapp..  

The sixx  races of  man have not alll  survived, but  traces of  their genetics 
can be  seen inn  the  other races. Originally, as  a  result of  numerous genetic  
engineering efforts, the  sixx  races were what we will  term Northern White 
Man, African Black Man, China Man, Indonesian Man, Gypsy Man, and  
Angola Man. Angola Man has  not survived, passing earlyy  and  leaving no 
genetic  mark. 

Angola Man 

Angola Man was not black at  alll,,  but  palee  to  the  pointt  of  being  bluish. 
This color was due  to  thee  transparency of  the  skin,,  which gave the  oxygen 
depleted veins and capillaries on the  surface dominance inn  settingg  the  color 
tone. However, thiss  was scarcely noticeable, as  Angola Man was literally  
covered with hair—fine, short,,  and  laying  flatt..  This was not thick  enough to  
be  called furr,,  but  should we have chosen to  calll  thee  originall  races byy  their  
appearance, rather than pointt  of  origin,,  we would have called him Fuzzy 
Man. Angola Man was the  least  aggressive of  the  sixx  races, and  thiss  iss  inn  no 
small degree  why  he  passed  earlyy,,  leaving none of  hiss  genetic  heritage inn  the  
vast billions that  swarm the  surface of  the  Earth today..  Angola Man literallyy  
allowed an attacker to  overtake him while making neither a  move to  escape 
or to  defend himself. He  was eaten, regularly, until  gonee.. 



ZetaTalk 

Indonesian Man 

Indonesian Man inn  the  pure form also  died  out,  but  through  casual 

encounters with  Gypsy Man merged intoo  what we will  calll  Polynesian Man. 

The Australian Aborigines alsoo  can poinntt  to  Indonesian Man forr  a a largee  

portion  off t htehieirr  genetic  heritage, being,,  likee  the  new Polynesian Man, a  

combination of  Gypsy Man and  Indonesian Man, with thee  addition of  some 

Black Man genes due  to  a  highly  promiscuous Black Man who traveled with 

a  small band to  that  partt  of  tthhe  world. He  was viewed as an oddity,  being  talll  
inn  stature compared to  their  tallest warrior, so  he  was treated as  a  god  and  
was givenn  alll  the  women theyy  could muster. He  considered thiss  a  pleasant  
retirement. 

Indonesian Man was short  and  stocky,  with  a  rounded bellyy..  He  had  a  
dominant forehead which protruded out  over hiss  eye  sockets, giving  him thee  
natural equivalent of  shades. He  was not swift,  but  moved inn  a  ponderous 
manner, and  thus  hiss  demise. He  could not run forr  safetyy  or  rescue others 
quickly,  and  his  lack  of  agilittyy  and rounded shape  prevented him from takingg  
to  the  trees or cliffs  for  safety..  Indonesian Man had  what we might  describe 
as  a  stubborn rage thatt  when liitt  would not  soon quell..  Where he  stood to  
fightt,,  and  won some, he  was invariably bested byy  largee  predators. He too 
was eaten, irregularly, until  gone. 

Gypsy Man 

Gypsy  Man, as  thee  name implies, moved about. His  descendants can be  
seen inn  India and  the  surrounding countries, inn  the  Arab countries, and,,  of  
course, inn  the  Gypsies themselves. Gypsy  Man was slightt,,  and  slidd  from 
confrontation, a  factor oof  hhis  hominoid genetics as  well as  the  root ape,  which 
took to  the  trees to  escape and  confronted onlyy  when escape was not  pos- 
sible.  He  learned to  plott  evasion rather than employ confrontation. This 
legacy  can be  seen today  inn  the  Gypsies, who disappear inn  the  night,,  the  
Arabs, who likewise fold  their  tents and  sliipp  away, and  the  Hindus, who 
actively work at  evading realityy  through meditation when theyy  are forced to  
stick  inn  one placee  and  can find  no escape. The hominoid contribution to  
Gypsy Man was Pleiadean, so a  gentle,  nonconfrontational nature com- 
pounded the  desire to  evade conflict. Itt  iss  not byy  accident that  Ghandi was 
able  to  selll  the  masses inn  India on passive resistance. Itt  came naturally to  
themm.. 



Early  Man 

Northern White Man 

Northern White Man firstt  emerged inn  aa  climate that  was not att  thatt  time 
cold,  nor was iitt  even iinn  Europe or thee  steppes of  greater Russia. White Man 
evolved iinn  the  deserts of  Africa, and  migrated across the  Mediterranean, 
which inn  those days  was not the  water barrier iitt  iiss  today.  White Men were 
few at  firstt,,  aa  few hundred, and  migrated iinn  different directions. Some took aa  
loopp  south,  along  thee  southern edges  of  what iiss  now the  Mediterranean, 
which iinn  those dayss  was aa  swamp, and then  looped north and  east. This  band 
iiss  seen iinn  the  largee  noble noses of  the  Turks, Afghans, and  Italians. The band 
that  headed straight  north iss  seen inn  those with  lightt  hair  and fine  features. 
However aallll  are from thee  same stock. 

Where White Man entered the  world iinn  temperate climes, bad  weather 
descended duringg  aa  subsequent polee  shift  and  survival became aa  game not 
easilyy  won. Warm clothing needed ttoo  be  constructed and  fur-bearing animals 
needed to  be  trapped or  hunted down with  the  least  amount of  effort.  Sur-  
vival required plotting and  planning, and  White Man found hiss  stock being  
shaped inn  thiss  manner, so that  the  clever planner survived. This  can be  seen 
today  iinn  the  descendants of  White Man, who are innovative and  industrial- 
ized,,  and  aatt  the  forefront of  technology developments. Of  the  races thatt  
survived, White Man had  the  hottest temper. Quick, flashy,,  but  quickly 
cooled. The root ape  forr  White Man defended itself  byy  aa  loud bluster,  
shrieking and hopping up  and  down. You’ve heard thee  expression, hopping 
mad,  and  this  iss  where iitt  comes from.  White Man, even today,,  blusters and  
bluffs more than he  engages. 

African Black Man 

African Black Man also  underwent aa  shock to  hiss  system, but  not 
because of  climate changes. During thee  polee  shifts  the  dice  did  not  toss aa  
polee  intoo  Africa, but  thee  effects of  winds and  rain  patterns brought desert 
conditions. The particular hominoid stock forming Black Man emerged from 
a  portionn  of  thee  Family  of  Man that  relied  on physical  skills  and  social  
harmony, and  thiss  was the  legacy  Black Man carried when the  desert de-  
scended, creeping over hiss  hunting  lands  untill  there was lesss  and  lesss  ttoo  
share. Black Man adapted byy  broadening hiss  embrace to  include more of  hiss  
fellows, and  todayy  you see thiss  inn  the  tradition of  thee  extended familyy  inn  most 
black communniittiieess.. 



ZetaTalk 

Black Man’s inheritance was a  combination of  a  benevolent largee  ape  

which spentt  a  goodd  partt  of  itss  time basking inn  groups. Like thee  elephant  seall,,  

thiss  ape  had  no natural enemies, so thee  population was held  inn  check byy  

variations inn  thee  food  supply..  Sometimes plenty,,  sometimes dearth. No need 

to  fightt,,  as  there was nothing to  fighhtt  over. The hominoid contribution 

created thee  capacity to  plan,,  and  did  not detract from the  ape  tendency to  

social harmony. Larger  familyy  circles translated to  forced civilittyy  for  longer  

periods..  Black Man learned to  employ violence when outside the  familyy  
circle,,  so  thiss  acted as  a  release forr  repressed rage not allowed to  be  ex- 

pprreesssseedd  within thee  circle.  Earlyy  Black Man was shaped  byy  those factors, so  
that  those able  to  suppress their  irritabilityy  untill  theyy  could release away from 
home were keptt  inn  thee  band,  and  the  others expelled  where theyy  did  not 
survive to  reproduce. Black-on-black violence occurs, but  seldom inside thee  

family circle. 

China Man 

China  Man was developed to  offset the  ruthlessness of  the  inhabitants 
of  the  12th Planet, who interbred with  humans during  their mining opera- 
tions.  The Oriental iss  slight,,  and  given  to  ponder and  consider the  feelings  of  
many before proceeding. Itt  was foreseen that  Earth’s humanity would grow 
and  eventually blend,  as  itt  has,,  so thee  ultimate Earthling was the  target, and  
China Man was engineered accordingly. The hominoid stock used to  build 
China Man was from those least  likellyy  to  be  impulsive, where deliberation 
brought rewards and  had thus  been selected for  survival during  evolution. In  
addition, a  different ape  was chosen as  the  base,  one with aa  placidd  nature, 
where the  apes selected forr  the  other races did  not have thiss  quality  at  the  
fore.  These qualities can be  seen today  in  the  descendants of  China Man, 
who consult with  one another, proceed onlyy  when there iss  consensus, and 
succeed best  at  those endeavors that  require group dedication. 

c=at=he 



2  
The Human Animal 

Violence iss  a  characteristic of  many intelligent species.  Where entities 
seek dominance over each other,  violence exists. Another factor of  violence 
iss  that  itt  iss  often a  necessary ingredient for  primitive life..  Depending on the  
environment, violent tendencies may inn  factt  be  crucial to  survival. Your 
Earth was such an environment. During genetic  engineering projects inn  the  
past,  those intelligent species that  developed without violent tendencies did  
not survive and  flourish. On the  contrary, theyy  died out. 

What iss  violence, and  the  tendency to  use violence, and why  was this  a  
necessary ingredient inn  the  past??  First  offf,,  species  eat  each other.  As has  
been often stated,  the  species  on your planett  generally use fighhtt  or flightt  
when confronted with thiss  possibility. Where itt  iss  assumed that  these two 
reactions differ,,  theyy  have more inn  common than  not. Adrenaline surges, thee  
heart beats wildly,  and alll  thought or necessity of  attending to  other matters, 
such as  digestion or favoring an injury,,  iss  putt  aside. Iff  itt  iss  determined that  
fighhtt  iss not possible, flightt  or itss  variant,  playing  dead,,  will  be  set  intoo  
motion. Inn  flightt  the  adrenaline iss  put  to  goodd  use inn  pumping legss  and  
frantically scrambling arms. If  iitt  appears that  escape iss  not  possible, then  a  

9 



ZetaTalk 

lastt  attempt att  defleccttiinngg  thee  attack  iss  tried—playing dead,  or  otherwwiissee  

appearing as an undesirable morsel to  thee  attacker. Thus, defecation and  
fainting may ensue. 

Now, iff  fighting  offf  the  attack iss  possible, then  a  different set  of  stagedd  

defenses ensues. First,,  there iss  thee  defensive posture, where the  body  iss  

fluffed up  to  appear largerr  or weapons such as  teeth and  claws are flashed. 

The defensive posture iss  quitee  familiar to  humans, as  the  stiff-legged circling,  

with neck hair  fluffed and  lippss  curled back over teeth,,  iss  seen frequently inn  

canine pets..  Humans recognize this  inn  themselves. The refusal to  ssiitt  down iinn  
a  relaxed posture when inn  the  presence of  those not trusted. Hair up  at  the  
back of  the  neck,  and  not wanting the  enemy at  one’s back. The sneer, 
attributed to  arrogance, iss  inn  factt  equivalent to  curling  the  lippss  back over teeth  
in  preparation for  a  fightt..  

If  the  defensive posture does not succeed inn  deflecting the  attack, taking  
thee  offensive inn  a  parry iss  undertaken. The element of  surprise iss  used as 
much as  possible. Thus, the  defensive posture iss  dropped and  replaced with  
what iss  termed blind rage. The one under attack iss  now the  attacker. Savage 
furyy  iss  unfurled. Everything inn  sighhtt  iss  devastated, without remorse or 
hesitation. When thiss  defensive posture iss  completed, with thee  defendant 
finallyy  spent,  the  attack will  have either been deflected or the  outcome of  the  
battle will  be  inn  thee  other direction—one becomes a  meal. 

Humor 

Itt  iss  not byy  accident that  a  person coughing or choking iss  frequently 
thought to  be  a  person having a  good  laugh.  Likewise the  start  of  a  heartyy  
laugh  iss  often mistaken for  a  shout or  sneeze, and  the  rhythm of  laughing iss  
similar to  the  heaving rhythm of  sobbing. Do these similarities mean that  
laughter has  a  physiological basis with sobbing and  coughing or a  defensive 
bark? They  do  indeed. An analysis of  situations found humorous invariably 
uncovers a a tense situation. In  factt,,  to  discern why  one person finds a  situa- 
tion  funny  while another does not,  look to  why  thee  amused person iss  experi--  
encing tension. 

Muscles tensed without relief naturally begin  twitching and cramping, a  
result  of  the  buildup of  toxins inn  the  muscles but  also  due  to  the  evolution of  
effective relaxation methods. Those creatures that  cramped without release 
did  poorly,  and  those that  twitched into  a  different state survived. Thus 

10 



2 

The Human Animal 

laughter, sobbing or barking are alll  tension releases. Socialized humans 
given  to  denying their  hostilities excuse their  laughter as  benign, which of  
course inn  the  main iitt  is..  If  theyy  weren’t laughing theyy  might be  murdering 
each other. 

The Immune System 

The immune system iiss  sensitive to  the  psychological state, aa  fact  which 
human physicians are acutely  aware of..  Cancer patients are often choosing 
ttoo  diee  by  maintaining the  depressive state that  preceded the  disease. IItt  iiss  aa  
quick,  iff  somewhat gruesome, escape, and one which the  patient  can use to  
punish  those theyy  are angry at—the family who must watch the  process. In  
autoimmune diseases, aass  iinn  allergies, the  problem iiss  the  reverse—an overac- 
tive  or rather hypersensitive immune response. The body  iiss  like  aa  bow strung 
too tightt,,  which twangs at  every touch. This iss  not the  result of  depression, a  
wish to  die,,  but  a  heightened wish to  survive, to  live..  The body  perceives 
danger, due to  the  psychological situation, and  mobilizes. 

Cancer iiss  considered aa  scourge of  mankind, as cancer iiss  so  often what 
the  mortician writes as the  cause of  death. What iiss  poorly understood iiss  that  
cancer iiss  a  natural process which allows the  organism an out,  aa  type  of  
suicide. Cancer iss  developing alll  the  time,  but  iss  held at  bayy  byy  scavenger 
cells that  mop them up,  as  iss  known byy  your biologists. What occurs inn  
cancer development iss  that  the  scavengers are told  to  cease, to  back off  and 
lett  the  destruction proceed. Cancer occurs for  the  same reason many infec- 
tious diseases run rampant, because the  immune system turns off..  As  has  
long  been recognized byy  humans, the  immune system iiss  highly  sensitive to  
one’s surroundings, and by  design.  Suicide inn  nature iiss  rarelyy  possible, other 
than byy  such means as  to  cease eating  or  faill  to  remove oneself from danger, 
both actions which are associated with mental depression. 

Diet 

Humans are omnivores, as  during their evolution theyy  required the  
abilityy  to  eat  a  broad diet  inn  order to  survive. The omnivore, of  which 
mankind iss  a a member, evolved to  meet wildly  swinging cycless  of  food 
aavvaaiillaabbiilliittyy..  EEaarrllyy  humans, being  land  animals and  highly  mobile, could 
travel during  drought to  areas lush  with vegetation. Humans, evolved from 
apes  which were adjusted to  eatingg  fruits  and  insects as well as vegetation, do  

1]1 



ZetaTalk 

not  have the  apparatus to  digestt  fiber..  Thus,  while on thee  road during  

droughts, theyy  would have starved unless able  to  killl  and  eat  meat. In  effect,,  

theyy  have dual  digestive  systems. 

Humans are designed, due  to  the  influence of  food  availability during  

evolution, to  eat  either vegetables and  fruits  or meat, but  not both at  the  same 

time.  This  iss  a  factt  not  widely recognized or understood byy  humans, and  thus  

theyy  do  themselves damage byy  eatingg  both foods at  meals, routinely. _IImmaagg--  
iinnee  tthhee  cave man on the  road,  traveling to  lush fields of  vegetation where 
fruits and  grainss  and  tubers could be  located with ease. The troop kills  a  deer 
or elephant, and feasts on nothing but  meat and  blood for  days,,  consuming 
the  entire killl  before itt  can spoil..  They  do  thiss  repeatedly while on the  road. 
When theyy  arrive at  their destination, theyy  find  theyy  no longer  need to  take 
the  physical risks that  hunting invariably presents—flailing hooves and  
charging frightened beasts. They  become vegetarians. 

Modern man misunderstands what the  cave man ate  while lolling  about 
during their  vegetarian periods. They  did  not live  strictlyy  on vegetables and  
fruits  and  grains..  They  ate  any and everything that  was handy,  and this  
included numerous insects and slow-moving life-forms such as  mollusks and  
possums. They  ate  lesss  meat, but  the  diett  was highly  varied and  included 
occasional small bites  from sources other than plants..  Thus, those modern 
humans who tryy  to  livee  what theyy  interpret  to  be  a  strictlyy  vegetarian lifee  
suffer from malnutrition—poor immunity, anemia, lack  of  strength, and  
inability to  deal  with  stress. Man was not designed to  live  byy  vegetables 
alone,  and must accommodate their body  with protein sources from livingg  
creatures other than plants,,  or suffer thee  consequences. 

Biorhythms 

Do biorhythms start from the  moment of  birth,,  as  claimed? Some do,,  
as the  moment of  birth iss  traumatic and  gripping, no matter how easy the  
delivery. The babe breathes, feels  the  cool  airr,,  and iss  handled—all for  the  
firstt  titme—a shock. Other biorhythms are set  off  from thee  moment of  
conception, and  yet  others when the  nervous system reaches a  point  in  itss  
development capable of  sustained activity,  such as  movement, the  flutter that  
expectant mothers refer to  as feeling  life..  

12



The Human Animal 

What are biorhythms, and why  do  theyy  persist  with such regularity? So  
much inn  lifee  iss  controlled by  biological switches—the urge to  eat iss  switched 
on byy  an empty stomach, or the  urge to  drink byy  a  blood chemistry ration, or 
the  urge to  defecate by  a  fulll  colon. And iss  not menstruation cyclical, as  iss  
the  urge to  sleep,,  and  the  sex drive? Biorhythms, however, are not influ- 
enced by  factors outside of  themselves. They  hear onlyy  their  own rhythm, 
and  listen onlyy  to  the  note theyy  singg..  Unlike brain waves, theyy  aarree  nnoott  aa  
choir. They  are alll  soloists. A  biorhythm iss  the  expression of  the  risingg  and  
fallingg  of  chemical levels inn  the  blood,  cerebrospinal fluidd,,  lymph, intramus- 
cular tissues, kidneys, and  various glands.  These chemical levels are regu- 
lated,,  much likee  aa  self-activating sump pump, byy  highh  and  low  points.  When 
the  chemical level dropss  to  thee  low  point,,  the  body  switches into  production 
mode on thiss  particular chemical, and  when the  chemical level  rises to  the  
highh  point,,  the  body  switches production off  again.  

Auras 

Auras exist,,  and some humans can see them,  as their  eyes are sensitive 
enough to  detect a  form of  lightt  ray  which iss always there but  not seen byy  
most. Auras do  not represent the  spiritt,,  but  are an emanation, or by-product, 
of  the  human body  as a  furnace, maintaining 98.6° F..  As  with other by--  
products of  the  body,,  such as  urine,  feces,  sweat or breath, the  aura can telll  a  
practitioner a  lott  about the  mental and  physical health of  a  person. Auras are 
normally palee  blue,  when viewed byy  humans, but  vary alll  over the  color 
spectrum and change shape,  compressing close around the  body  or  wafting 
out with tendrils. We,  the  Zetas, see human auras regularly, as  well our own, 
and were we not highly  telepathic with one another, we would use thiss  to  
read thee  well-being and mood of  another, justt  as humans use the  expression 
on the  face  of  another human. 

Psychics 

Humans inn  the  main do  not  have aa  great  deal  of  psychic ability,,  which iss  
simply a  combination of  telepathy and  common sense. A  small percentage, 
perhaps lesss  than 10%,  have some psychic abilities, and  a  very few  are 
significantly psychic. Most humans are personally acquainted with a situa- 
tion  thatt  had  overtones of  psychic  interplay,  or  have a  close friend  or  relative 
who relayss  such a  story..  Someone knew that  revenge was beingg  plotted  and  
the  means being  planned. Someone knew that  a  package was inn  the  mail  and  

13 



ZetaTalk 

what itt  contained. Someone sensed that  an airplanee  was inn  danger and  

warned aa  potential  passenger to  change their  plans..  Psychic abilityy  runs inn  

families, and  forr  a  simple  reason. Telepathic abilityy  as  well as  common sense 

are based on the  structure of  thee  brain,,  and  this  iss  forr  the  most partt  genetic..  

Where psychics seem to  be  foretelling the  future,  common sense has  
entered in..  Here the  psychic senses facts  known to  a  number of  humans, and  
putss  them together inn  logical  probabilities. The pending airplane crash iss  inn  
factt  known to  several humans—the airplane mechanics who are ordered to  
overlook maintenance because the  financial condition of  the  airline iss  dire;;  
the  piloott  who notices, however subconsciously, that  hiss  instruments are not 
liningg  up  as theyy  normally do;;  the  scheduling clerks,  who regret  assigning 
aging  airplanes to  busy  flights,,  knowing thee  risks involved. These humans 
send forth  their  thoughts forr  psychics to  capture and  ponder. For  every 
situation where there iss  a  successful foretelling of  the  future,  there are 
literally  thousands of  situations where the  psychic was wrong. The success- 
full  occurrences are so dramatic that  thee  story  getss  widely told..  Failures 
rarely  gett  mentioned. 

—tHe-  

14 



3  
The Brain 

One can map with simple  animals, trained inn  a  maze, thee  learning  curve 
whereby theyy  learn  that  to  follow thee  smooth wall,,  for  instance, theyy  arrive at  
food. The firstt  time thiss  occurs itt  iss  byy  accident, so thee  rat  makes an associa- 
tion..  Smooth walls = food. The next time the  hungry rat  iss putt  into  a  maze, 
he  will  givee  more weight  to  exploring smooth-walled pathss  over rough-  
textured routes. The mental association inn  thee  rat’s  brain iss  a  chemical 
sequence inn  thee  existing  brain cellss  inn  certain areas of  thee  brain. Hunger inn  
the  rat  iss  now connected to  those sections of  thee  brain that  hold  visual and  
tactile imprints. These imprints, as well as the  pathways, are chemical. The 
pathways wax strong or  weak, depending on how often theyy  are used. More 
use,  stronger chemistry. Less use, weaker chemistry. 

Similarly, complex thought can be  broken down intoo  thousands of  steps,,  
where sensory memories are related. Even thee  abstract concept of  numbers iss  
related too  sensory memories. The  child  pilingg  blocks iss  notingg  that  four  
blocks pillee  higherr  than  three,  and  thee  concept of  greater-than iss  related to  
these  counts. Does thee  one pillee  not  loom higher?  When adding  jusstt  one 
block onto thee  short  pilee,,  theyy  are equal..  An  incipient  algebraic  equation iss  

15 



ZetaTlalk 

building inn  thee  babe’s mind. Great thoughts are built  from many small 

mental  data  stores, and  many more connections. Great insights  are simply 

where two or  more formerly unrelated connections bridge.,  to  become related. 

Bridging occurs when the  chemicals needed  to  build  a  new pathway are 

inn  abundance inn  a  certain partt  of  the  brain.  Itt  iss  accidental inn  that  thee  connec- 

tionn  iss  onlyy  byy  proximity, but  no accident inn  thatt  thee  brain areas that  relate  to  

thee  issue  att  hand are now active and  richh  with  these chemicals. Thus thee  

brain  iss  jusstt  making an introduction: “Here,  you two places,  you  are both  

active,  so speakk  to  each other.” Thus, the  childd,,  finding  himself staring  at  a  

wall  he  wishes to  climb over, and  seeingg  some boxes near att  hand,  recalls hiss  
pillee  of  blocks. As  hiss  memory of  blocks connects to  thiss  sightt  of  thee  boxes, 
which have a  similar shape,,  a  new association has  occurred—thought. 

Reptilian Brain 

Humans have a  genetic  capacity forr  repressed emotions thatt  iss  not 
present throughout the  universe. Few intelligent species have this  capacity, 
and  itt  arises onlyy  when genetic engineering has  created thiss  confusion. 
Repressed emotions do  not occur naturally, during  evolution. Originally alll  
species  on the  planett  Earth were reptilian, and  thiss  iss  a  common form 
throughout the  universe. Mammals and the  hominoid form are relatively  
rare, but  are desired due  to  their capacity forr  intense empathy—their caringg  
emotions. On  worlds where mammals have evolved, theyy  are the  genetic  
engineering species  of  choice,  even where reptiles may inn  fact  be  more 
intelligent at  the  time.  This was the  case on the  Earth. However, because the  
majority of  genetic  engineering iss  done byy  reptilian  species, theyy  naturally 
inserted what theyy  deemed important. 

The abilityy  to  repress emotions comes from the  factt  thatt  humans have 
several brains—the forebrain, which iss mammalian, the  midbrain, which iss a  
mixture of  the  mammal and  reptile,  and  the  earlyy  brain,  which iss  reptilian. 
When humans wish to  remember alll,,  theyy  record the  information inn  alll  their  
brains, although the  information may vary in  the  different data  banks. When 
humans wish to  forget,  theyy  disconnect the  memory chains between their 
forebrain and thee  other brains,  and  amnesia ensues. The midbrain, being  the  
go-between, iss  responsible for  keeping itt  alll  straight, and does so responsibly. 
Blind rage erupting during  the  dayy  can gett  one fired  or  exiled,  and  thus the  
abilityy  to  repress emotions has  been,  iff  anything, selected for  propagation. 

16 



The Brain 

Brain Capacity 
IItt  iiss  often stated that  humans only  use 10% of  their brain capacity. This 

iiss  nonsense. IIff  the  brain evolved iinn  response ttoo  need,  why  would iitt  then turn 
off  and  become idle? Humans map the  brain as best theyy  can, and are 
puzzled by  aallll  that  gray matter that  seems to  have no function. Then there 
are thee  cases of  remarkable performance where the  human brain seems to  be  
vviirrttuuaallllyy  aabbsseenntt,,  aass  iinn  tthhee  ccaasseess  where an encephalitic infant develops into  an 
adult with apparently normal capacity. Humans are also  aware that  theyy  can 
live  quitee  well with  onlyy  half  aa  brain,  rightt  or leftt  side,,  as longg  as  aa  complete 
half remains. As with many vital  organs, evolution favored the  specimen 
who could survive thee  loss  of  one. 

If  aa  human can survive losing  half aa  brain,  and an encephalitic can 
function with aa  minimal brain,  then iiss  there not excess brain capacity? This 
assumption iiss  based on the  apparent normalcy of  humans functioning with 
diminished brain size.  The humans walk,  talk,,  laughh  at  jokes,,  remember to  
brush their teeth—they are apparently normal. However, as most consider iitt  
to  be  amazing that  these individuals are not inn  aa  coma, theyy  seldom move 
past  astonishment to  check forr  fulll  capacity. Whereas diminished brain size  
allows the  individual ttoo  learn well those routines called upon regularly, iitt  iiss  
when the  individual iiss  asked to  stretch that  the  lack of  capacity shows up.  

Each complex concept iiss  built from many mental building blocks, and  
each of  these building blocks likewise iiss  composed of  many parts.  Children 
piece  these building blocks together, bitt  byy  bitt,,  piece  by  piece,,  and eventually 
gett  to  the  point  where theyy  can structure abstract concepts. Diminished brain 
capacity allows the  afflicted person to  laugh  when others laugh,  as laughter iiss  
contagious, especially when one wishes ttoo  belong. Do not small children 
laugh  alonngg  while not understanding the  joke?  Diminished capacity does not 
allow one to  create a  jokee  beyond the  slapstick, nor ddooeess  iitt  aallllooww  oonnee  ttoo  bbuuiilldd  
an abstract concept where one has  not already been constructed. Thus, the  
brain damaged can continue old  functions where tthhee  connections and struc- 

tures have not been lostt,,  but  time stops  forr  them where new abstractions must 

be  constructed. Abstract concepts, intuition, longg  range planning, adaptabil- 
ity—this iiss  what aallll  that  uncharted gray matter iiss  supporting, and iitt  iiss  not 
idle..  The  true range of  any  one brain capability iiss  disguised byy  thee  need to  
enlist  many capabilities aatt  once, hundreds, inn  fact..  Therein liess  the  reason 
some autistics appear incredibly giftedd..  They  screen out  aallll  but  aa  singlee  

17



ZetatTalk 

thought,  refusing to  entertain others. Thus,  an autistic may be  abllee  to  sitt  att  

thee  pianoo  and  playy  a  complex piece,,  having onlyy  had  the  opportunniittyy  to  

observe an experienced pianistt  playy  thatt  piecee  a  singlee  time.  Likewise, 

autistics who have integrated thee  digitall  or  binary  or any  other type  of  

number system  can compute as  fastt  as  a  calculator or  computer the  results of  

equations that  require  thousands of  steps,  as  longg  as those steps  do  not  

require  more than one mental process, repeatedly. Complex concepts, 

involving multiple thought processes, receive the  same blank,  apparently 

uncomprehending, stare from autistics that  iss  their  normal response. 

Brain Waves 

What human scientists do  not know iss  that  beyond the  old  brain and the  
new, the  subconscious and  the  conscious, the  rightt  and  the  leftt  halves—there 
are yett  more subdivisions of  the  human brain. Where itt  iss  known thatt  the  
brain seems to  specialize inn  activity  that  requires Beta-frequency brain waves 
during  wakefulness, and  Alpha-frequency waves during  sleepp  or meditation, 
and  Theta waves during rage, and  Delta waves inn  coma—no one iIss  quitee  sure 
why.  

Where brain  functions are localized close to  the  data  stores—the 
chemical pathss  and  links  that  constitute memory and  the  potential forr  
thought—these functional mother lodes cannot be  mined without the  greased  
lightning that  iss  the  communication substrata. We are not  speaking here of  
synaptic junctions, the  ends of  one brain cell’s  dendrites touching another. 
We are speaking here not  of  chemistry, but  of  a  communication method not 
understood by  your scientists, as itt  cannot be  pressed between glasss  plates  
and  peeked at  under a  microscope, or placed  inn  a  vial  of  chemicals to  test  itss  
nature. Itt  requires aa  livingg  brain to  express itself,,  and  beyond the  difference 
iinn  ffrreeqquueennccyy,,  iittss  nature iiss  unknown to  your scientists. Brain waves are but  a  
symptom of  the  process, whereby the  brain,  as  an organ, hums ttoo  iittsseellff..  

This hum iss  not chemical but  the  result of  chemical interactions, which 
result inn  what you may term aa  variation on electrical energy. The motion of  
thiss  energy iss  inn  waves forr  the  same reason a  body  of  water has  waves. For 
motion to  occur at  alll  there must be  pressure and  release, then  bumping and 
reaction. Think of  thee  choir,,  where alll  warm up  with the  same musical 

18 



The Brain 

scales—synchronicity. But  the  true musical potential iiss  where the  choir,,  
open throated, strikes harmonious chords. Listen carefully, and you will  hear 
the  fulll  choir. 

Amnesia 

Coma uses the  same mechanism we aliens do  during  visitation, when 
we record the  visit  inn  the  subconscious only..  This iiss  aa  chemical block, aanndd  
can liftt  as  suddenly as  itt  can be  applied—within minutes. Due to  pastt  genetic 
engineering, thee  human body  has  overlapping brains,  with  thee  conscious 
brain the  least  well rooted. Ifthe chemistry flooding the  body  iss  missing 
certain components, the  consciousness iss  deactivated. During visitation, of  
course, the  contactee iss  not comatose, as we adjustt  the  body  chemistry so that  
the  subconscious iss  functioning but  the  conscious iss  deactivated. Contactees 
do  not forgett  their  visits,,  as theyy  were never recorded inn  the  conscious. 
Rather, recall builds a  conscious memory from the  subconscious. 

The human mind has  the  capacity to  deliberately forget,,  allowing the  
amnesia state to  wash away bridges  between chemical memory lanes. This iss  
but  a  stepp  away from compartmentalizing memories into  packages the  human 
feels capable of  dealing with at  one time. Brain chemistry- and brain struc- 
ture-wise, the  process iss  the  same. The average human can pointt  to  instances 
inn  himself or others where selective forgetting occurred. One justt  forgets  that  
embarrassing moment or that  appointment to  go  to  the  dentist. In  amnesia 
the  chemistry inn  the  brain shuts down to  the  extent that  the  conscious brain iss  
not recording new memories or playing back old  memories. It’ss  off-line, 
rather than on-line, as theyy  say  inn  the  computer business. Selective amnesia 
attacks justt  those bridges that  lead  to  painful  memories, washing these away. 

Psychosis 

AAs with  fainting,  psychosis and  senility  allow the  human animal to  
disconnect with realityy..  Catatonic or autistic individuals are,  chemically, iinn  aa  

placee  where theyy  are not  feelingg  anxiety.  The world does not eexxiisstt  ffoorr  tthheemm..  

Delusions serve thee  same purpose, as the  individual can build a  world about 

them that  meets their  needs. How much different are delusions from the  
games people  playy  with themselves to  make themselves more secure, more 
attractive, or  more valued inn  their  own eyes than  theyy  are inn  thee  eyes of  

others? Depression serves a  purpose inn  causing thee  individual to  retract and  

19 



ZetaTlalk 

withdraw from  a  world that  iss  causing injuryy..  Time to  reflect and plott  aa new 

course. Senility,,  outside of  thee  genetic  disease which iss  Alzheimer’s, iss  

greatest inn  those who have thee  least  to  livee  for..  Senility blunts the  awareness 

of  thee  aged,,  so theyy  can reminisce about happierr  dayss  when theyy  were 

younger. 

Infants born psychotic are thus  because thee  geneticc  throw of  the  dice  

gave them an ultra-sensitive nature, and  theyy  are doomed to  livee  inn  the  

sheltered world theyy  live  in..  Schizophrenics react to  the  same stresses as 
ootthheerr  humans, but  with a  stronger and  quicker reaction. This iss  widely  
recognized inn  giving  schizophrenics a  more sheltered environment, but  aass  tthhee  
press iss  for  society to  reabsorb the  individual, any respite  from the  chemical 
surges iss  short lived. Depressives recover when theyy  change the  lifee  situation 
thatt  iss  distressing them,  sometimes with dramatic swiftness. That so many 
depressives do  not recover but  mask their  unhappiness with antidepressants 
does not pointt  to  the  illness as  being  intractable so  much as  itt  points  to  the  
rigidity of  society.  

In  the  world of  the  individual without psychosis, painn  iss  born quietly 
but  iss  more intense. Psychosis iss  noisy  and  noticeable, where the  prepsy- 
chotic individual iss  usually quiett  and  well  behaved. Psychosis iss  the  signall  
flagg  of  misery.  Antipsychotic drugss  simply  mask thee  ragingg  surges, as though  
thee  firee  hose were perpetually turned on thee  blaze so that  one can say  that  the  
firee  iss  out. The problem here iss  not so much that  a  psychosis ensues due  to  
lifee  stresses as  that  society  has  rigidd  expectations forr  alll  itss  citizens. Psycho- 
siss  occurs inn  the  animal kingdom, outside of  the  human animal, a  fact  that  
veterinarians willl  be  the  firstt  to  attest to.  Psychotic pets,  however, are 
uussuuaallllyy  given  tthhee  lliiffee  changes that  are indicated, and  recover. Human society 
iss  not  so kind to  thee  human animal, who iss  generally drugged and  toldd  to  
struggle on,  inn  place..  

~“Hie- 

20 



A4  
The Soul 

What you call  a  soul  iss  composed of  substances, justt  as  your physical 
body  is..  These substances are justt  as complex as the  molecules and  celll  
structure your physical body  iss  composed of—in their own way. However, 
these substances cannot be  destroyed byy  such things  as atomic explosions or 
even entry  into  a  black hole.  The soul  iss  durable and  indestructible. Souls 
are born,  and  evolve and  grow, justt  as  inn  your physical world you find  plantss  
and animals springing up  from seed,  from aa  singlee  cell..  This does not happen 
haphazardly, and  onlyy  happens on worlds inn  third  density. When an entityy  iss  
incarnate, what you call  the  soul suffuses with the  physical body,  spreading 
throughout alll  the  parts  of  the  physical body.  

The existence of  the  soul,,  thatt  partt  of  a a human remaining after  the  
physical body  expires,  has  been measured as  aa  tinyy  adjustment inn  the  weight  
of  the  dead body,,  happening att  the  moment of  death inn  most cases. We say  inn  
most cases, as  the  soul  may departt  earlier,  seeing  thee  trend. For  instance, 

2]1 



Zeta TTaallkk  

where individuals go  out-of-body during  trauma, thee  soull  has  alreadyy  leftt..  

Nevertheless, there iss  some small scientific aspect to  support the  general  

human perception that  theyy  have a  soul.  Inn  factt,,  so  prevalent iss  thiss  feeling  or 

belief inn  humans, that  one statingg  the  opposite comes inn  forr  some heat.  

Religions invariably espouse thee  soull  and  an afterlife as  a  realiittyy..  

Chakras 

An  incarnation iss  not a  superficial matter. As  thee  soul,,  during  incarna- 

tion,,  iss  diffused throughout thee  body,,  itt  alignss  itself  to  embrace thee  world. 

The soul  communicates with  itss  extensions, the  human arms and  legs,,  as  thiss  

iss  not a  natural position forr  thee  soul.  Incarnations inn  lifee  forms that  do  not 
have arms and  legss  would, understandably, have different chakras. The 
chakras are related to  the  functions of  the  incarnated spiritt,,  not to  the  human 
form. The spiriitt  centers itselff,,  and thus  the  heart chakra, and concerns itself 
with  communicating to  the  mind, and  thus  the  third  eye, but  the  other organs 
of  the  human body  are incidental to  the  spiritt,,  which iss  not concerned with 
digestion or locomotion or such functions. Spiritss  that  are more entranced 
with  physical activities, such as sex or drugg  use, may be  more diffuse within 
the  physical body,  however. 

A  central chakra, both inn  the  human body  and  inn  chakra action,  iss  the  
heart chakra. There are several reasons forr  this..  First,,  thee  heart iss  centralized 
inn  the  human body  inn  order to  serve the  body  well  inn  itss  task  as circulation 
central. Second, the  heart responds to  emotions, invariably, beating fastt  
during frightt  or joy,,  being  regular or irregular  inn  pace with the  lifee  situation. 
Third, the  spiritual  centering of  the  soul  within the  physical body  of  a a human 
must for  similar reasons be  centered. As  the  soul  filllss  the  being  of  whatever 
itt incarnates in,,  itt iss distended into  the  human limbs and digits..  To  work as a  
unit,,  the  soul  indeed utilizes parts  of  itself  to  maintain unityy  and  cohesive 
action. The heart chakra, while not circulating fluids,,  has  a  similar impor- 
tance and  function. 

Past Lives 

Tapping pastt  lives  iss  much inn  vogue, especially in  California. Since the  
proposition cannot be  disproved, the  claimants wax poetic..  All  the  past  lives 
are invariably romantic or impressive—they lived in  interesting times, inn  
elegant surroundings, and  were always hale and  hearty,,  intelligent, and 

22 



The Soul 

attractive. Although the  vast number of  past  lives on Earth were marked byy  
struggle for  health—with broken teeth,  missing or maimed limbs, and the  
health problems that plague mankind today  present in  the  extreme—the pastt  
lives trotted forth alll  seem to  involve good  and even vibrant health. 

Where alll  but  perhaps 5% of  the  world’s populace iiss  of  average or dull  
intelligence, the  past  lives claimed invariably involve stations in  lifee  which 
would require aa  relatively high  IQ..  And where most of  mankind’s history has  
gone down ignominiously and  unrecorded, past  lives  published seem ttoo  aallll  be  
placed smack inn  the  center of  either momentous historical times or well- 
recorded historical times. What iiss  going  on here? Are these past  lives 
remembered simply fiction or are the  memories selective? 

Humans delving into  their past  lives face many hurtles. The human 
form has  no memory of  past  lives,,  and the  spiriitt  has  difficulty speaking to  the  
mind about matters itt  has  no concept of..  Past lives  are a  leapp  into  history 
recorded nowhere on Earth—living conditions, cultures and traditions, and  
physical appearance alll  beyond the  imagination of  humans alive today.  A  
past  lifee  spent as aa  caveman, where the  diet  consisted of  bugss  and worms and 
even on desperate occasions the  feces of  herbivores, would not be  remem- 
bered. Thus, past  lives remembered do  tend to  fitt  into  written history.  Add 
to  this  selective memory the  human tendency to  deny  unpleasantness. A  past  
lifee  where the  human was uglyy  and behaved atrociously would likelyy  not be  
given  center stage, and  past  lives that  passed the  minimum acceptance 
criteria are pruned and amended by  humans remembering them justt  as theyy  
have a  selective memory about their current incarnation. 

Rule of  Forgetfulness 

Lessons to  be  learned during the  current incarnation, or personal 
missions as theyy  are sometimes called, are less  effectively addressed when 
ccoonnsscciioouussllyy  ddeeaalltt  wwiitthh..  IInn  ffaacctt,,  being  consciously aware of  the  lesson to  be  
learned can sometimes prevent the  lesson from being  addressed during  the  
incarnation at  all..  How can this  be?  Iff  one iiss  conscious of  aa  posture, that  the  

posture must be  assumed, the  posture may be  assumed, but  thiss  may be  an 

act.  Iff  one iiss  not conscious of  aa  posture, and  the  situation arises where the  

posture may be  assumed, then iff  the  posture iss  assumed thiss  iss  not an act  but  

23 



Zetaa Ttaallk 

a  genuine  choice. To  know the  desired outcome beforehand ruins  the  pro- 

cess, as  thee  goaall  of  the  incarnation iss  not to  have certain postures taken, but  

to  have certain choices made. 

Forgetfulness between lives  occurs naturally.  When an entityy  incarnates 

into  aa human body,,  thee  mind naturally has  no knowledge of  pastt  lives.  The 

mind develops memories from what itt  experiences, observes through itss  

senses, and  concludes due  to  the  mental processes resulting from alll  this.  

Thus forgetfulness iss  natural,  and  breakthroughs where thee  spiriitt  has  an 

opportunity to  relayy  bitss  and  piecess  of  a  pastt  lifee  are rare. The Rule of  

Forgetfulness iss  not an imposed rule,,  itt  iss  a  rule  of  nature. However, givenn  

tthhaatt  incarnations work this  way, and  incarnations have proven to  be  the  
fastest way that  young spirittss  grow and  mature, no one iss  rushing forward ttoo  
bringg  a  newly  incarnated body  up  to  date  on what has  happened before. In  
fact,,  such a  process can delayy  maturity or skew the  eventual decision the  
entityy  makes on itss  firstt  lesson—the orientation lesson. Imagine instances inn  
lifee  given  no knowledge of  pastt  decisions or fulll  knowledge of  past  deci- 
sions. 

A  mother, cuddling her  newborn infant,  seeing  itss  helplessness and  
dependence on her,,  imagines the  feelings of  abandonment and  desperation 
such an infant would feel  iff  itt  were not held  and loved and  rescued when 
distressed. The mother, being  basically a  caring  human, proceeds to  care for  
thee  infant with  great  affection and  pridee  inn  herself forr  her  competence. Iff  inn  
pastt  lives  thee  entityy  incarnating had  deserted a  newborn, to  ease the  pressure 
on herself, and  alll  the  memories of  thiss  past  incident were remembered, then 
the  current situation would be  colored with guilltt  and shame and inn  particular, 
the  strong  memory of  what caused the  abandonment inn  thee  firstt  place..  
Forgetfulness allows the  entityy  to  move through circumstances that  were 
similar to  past  circumstances, trying  them out with  a  different approach and  
consequently experiencing a  different outcome. 

Near-Death Experience 
Near-death experiences are quitee  common, and  are similar to  out-of- 

body  experiences, but  with a  twist. Where thee  entityy  has  leftt  the  physical  
body,  seeing  the  trend,  itt  moves forward on itss  journey to  return to  the  
birthing  envoys inn  preparation for  the  next incarnation. This process iss  
complicated, and  has  many steps.  The firstt  stepp  iss  to  lett  go  of  the  former 

24 



The Soul 

incarnation. As every dying  person has  many issues leftt  undone, many 
statements leftt  unsaid, and many concerns not yet  completed to  the  entity’s 
satisfaction, their focus iss  torn between the  lifee  theyy  are leaving and the  
future. The birthing envoys meet this  head on,  by  presenting the  newly 
discarnate entity  with those involved inn  the  leftover concerns. Thus, inn  a  
near-death experience, an entityy  may meet relatives and friends, both loved 
and hated, or coworkers involved in  incomplete projects. When the  pending 
death does not occur, the  person remembers meeting familiar people, but  not 
much else  as the  death was aborted. Had the  death continued, settling  these 
leftover issues would have proceeded. 

Ghosts 

All  humans have visits from those theyy  knew inn  the  past,  now dead. 
These spirits,,  who are primarily discarnate but  can come from their  next 
incarnation inn  an out-of-body experience, are trying  to  settle things  theyy  feel  
were leftt  outstanding. These matters can be  as simple  as  an apology theyy  
wished to  express to  you, or a  bitt  of  information theyy  feltt  you needed, 
intended to  be  told  to  you when you next met. Death interrupts the  plans..  
Ghosts are such discarnate entities. Discarnate entities are inn  lighhtt  form. The 
reason some such entities appear brighter inn  lightt  form than  others iss  related 
to  their spiritual maturity. The older and wiser, the  brighter. They  gainn  inn  
spiritual bulk, one might say.  

When an entityy  iss  discarnate, itt  can wander about justt  as the  soul  can inn  
out-of-body experiences. Likewise, as inn  out-of-body experiences, itt  iss  
drawn to  places  itt  iss  either curious about or tied  to  because of  emotional 
trauma. The entityy  that  feels an issue iss  unresolved will  hang  about, desiring 
to  influence proceedings. This iss  much displayed inn  your media inn  ghost  
stories of  one kind or another. Just  as with visits from entities inn  fourth 
density or higher densities, these discarnate entities cannot affect humans 
unless the  human gives  The Call. Their substance cannot affect the  physical 
world,  and  theyy  cannot possess another’s body  unless The Call  has  been 
given  and permission granted. In  this  regard,,  a  walk-in or a  possession iiss  aa  
reality,,  and can happen. 

25 



Zetaa TTaallkk  

Possession 

Inn  possession, a  walk-in byy  a  very high-level entityy  inn  the  service-to-self 

orientation has  occurred, such  that  thiss  iss  dramatically noticed by  the  other 

humans inn  the  vicinity.  They  could not  faill  to  take notice,  as  however 

aggressive and  non-compliant the  human was priorr  to  thee  possession, the  

stance the  possessed human now takes iss  a  quantum leapp  higher.  The human 

now challenges everyone, and  any  social exchange has  become a  war. Where 

the  human formerly complied with some social norms, the  possessed human 
now complies with none. They  seem, thus,  completely uncivilized and  
unsociable. There thus ensues a  great flurryy  of  activity where various 
authority figures tryy  to  reason with the  possessed human, thinking theyy  are 
stilll  speaking to  the  one theyy  knew. In  truth,  the  human iss  inn  part  the  one 
theyy  knew, but  at  the  core iss  someone very different, the  possessing entityy  
from another world. When reason fails,,  forms of  magic or witchcraft are 
tried,,  and  we are here including Catholic exorcism. This iss where the  faith  or 
conviction of  those inn  authority, their  orientation to  givee  service-to-others, 
comes into  play..  

Where this  iss  successful inn  driving  out the  possessing entityy  and  secur- 
ingg  a  return of  the  original  incarnating entityy  itt  iss  because of  two things.  
One,  the  flood of  concern and  caringg  poured upon the  strongly  oriented 
service-to-self entityy  disturbs itss  concentration, tugging at  itss  focus on self,,  
and  itt  departs  inn  disgust.  Two, the  formerly incarnating entityy  hears the  pleass  
of  the  humans itt  formerly knew, feels  the  love  pouring toward itt, , and  changes 
itss  mind about having leftt  inn  the  firstt  place.  The birthing envoys confer with 
alll  concerned and  the  possessing entityy  vacates inn  an exchange. 

alnlta  

26 



5= ) 
Other Worlds 

Life firstt  begins  as  a  natural result of  the  processes that  occur on alll  lifee  
bearing planets—the warm soup of  oceans, filled with the  simple  genetic 
components that  can and  do  link-up inn  an endless variety  of  combinations. 
Humans are aware that  the  DNA on Earth iiss  alll  composed of  four  simple 
building blocks. In  other partss  of  the  universe such components differ from 
those on Earth,  nor iiss  four  the  magic  number. Bigg  bangs  occur periodically 
inn  thiss  or  that  section of  the  Universe, and  lifee  forming after  aa  bigg  bang  
evolves slowly.  In  that  same section of  the  universe numerous worlds will  
eventually produce, during  the  natural course of  evolution, intelligent 
creatures capable of  offering aa  home to  forming entities. Seeding planets  
and  genetic  engineering iiss  eventually done within aa  section of  the  universe 
forr  the  same reasons that  human couples  longg  to  have children—for more 
company and  the  pridee  that  parentage brings.  The  process of  evolution iiss  
expedited, bumped from slow motion to  fastt,,  and  thee  number of  worlds that  
eventually become life-bearing planets  iss  increased. 

Z2h7 



Zeta Tlaallkk  

Inn  the  section of  the  universe of  which thee  Earth iss  a  part,,  thee  seeding of  

planets  and  migration of  reptilian  or  hominoid liffee  forms has  beeenn  inn  placee  

longg  before our time. We have been  told  that  none of  the  hominoids cur- 

rentlyy  visiting  Earth were the  precursor, but  rather alll  are the  result  of  seeding 

and  geneticc  engineering. Of  the  many hominoids who contributed to  

mankind’s hominoid structure, none were thee  base hominoid, which was 

smaller and  more monkey-like than  would be  expected. In  truth,  the  issue  of  

who started mankind will  not  be  resolved byy  researching the  history  of  

genettiicc  engineering efforts, as every step  back opens another history  book,  

and  on itt  goes. Does itt  matter? Live inn  thee  present., which has  more puzzles 

than  humans can even beginn  to  address. Live forr  the  future, which will  

shortly  gett  quitee  lively..  

Percentages 

If  one were to  take  a  census on intelligent lifee  inn  the  partt  of  the  universe 
the  Earth goes around in,,  the  results would probably shock humans. As  
entities inn  higher  densities, fifth  and  above, have mobility and  often  go  where 
dutyy  calls,,  theyy  may be  wholly  absent or  present inn  great  numbers, depending 
on need. Due to  the  Transformation, the  Earth iss  positively swarming with 
such attention at  the  present time. Therefore, to  givee  a  realistic picture., we 
will  describe second, third,,  and fourth density  percentages only..  

On  a  world-by-world basis,  there are about 1,000 dead worlds forr  every 
one thatt  holds life..  Humans are familiar enough with their  surroundings to  
understand conditions on other planets,  and  iff  anything, would be  surprised at  
the  percentage capable of  life..  Not  every life-bearing planet  sustains lifee  thatt  
can develop to  the  level required forr  conscious and  intelligent thought. There 
are about 2,500 primordial worlds for  every one that  can support an intelli- 
gent  species. Your Earth, forr  instance, had  many such species with this  
potential. Of  these worlds that  hold third-density intelligent  species, the  vast 
majority, perhaps 75%, are water babies, as  the  vast majority of  habitable 
planets are essentially water planets. These species  may be  crablike, fishlike, 
squidlike, or formed like  almost any  off y yoouurr  ocean inhabitants—an almost 
infinite variety..  

Of  the  worlds that  sustain land-dwelling intelligent species, the  greater 
share,  justt  under 60%,  are reptilian. Reptilian life-forms appear firstt,,  and 
thus  better their  percentages. A  minority are mammalian, above 10%,  but  

28 



Other Worlds 

whenever these life-forms are a  candidate theyy  beat out alll  other candidates, 
as mammalian existence iss  highly  interactive and thus  a  good  spiritual 
school-yard for  forming entities. The remaining land  -dwelling third-density 
species range between birdlike or insect types—the latter more prevalent at  
about 30%. Since third density iss  a  short stop,  required onlyy  forr  the  orienta- 
tion  lesson, fourth-density entities are much more prevalent. There are 
approximately 1,200 fourth-density entities forr  every forming third-density 
entity.  

Water Cradle 

On  almost alll  worlds, lifee  evolves inn  a  liquid..  This iss  reasonable, as the  
liquidd  provides mobility, and  increases greatly  the  chances that  any  complex 
molecule will  encounter another. If  one examines the  physical structure of  
intelligent species,  one finds rudimentary gillss,,  fins,,  egg sacs, webbing, iff  not 
the  frank requirement of  aa  liquidd  for  the  home. Most telling  iss  the  develop- 
ment of  the  fetus,  where the  evolutionary history  repeats itself. We,  thee  
Zetas, do  not have records we can tapp  regarding these earlyy  beginnings on 
your planet..  

Planets, especially water planets, are seeded with simple DNA compo- 
nents and  leftt  alone. Things work out or theyy  don’t,  and these planets are not 
checked that  frequently. If  lifee  did  not start,  reseeding—perhaps of  a  differ- 
ent nature—is done. To  trace your beginnings, we must do  as your scientists 
have,  and  look at  the  stages the  fetus goes through. The forebrain develops 
last,,  and  arms and legss  also  come late..  Itt  takes a  long  time forr  the  taill  to  
disappear, and gilllss  are unmistakably evident inn  the  earlyy  days..  You were 
firstt  a  fish.  

Size and Shape 

Where intelligent life-forms come from alll  possible stops  on the  evolu- 
tionary scale,,  they  are fairlyy  consistent in  size.  The reason for  this  rule  iss  
simple—on the  inevitable encounters, intimidation would be  minimized. 
Thus whether a  life-form iss  similar to  an insect,  fishh,,  octopus, snake, lizard,,  

monkey, bird,,  or hominoid, theyy  have alll  been genetically engineered to  be  of  

thee  same approximate size.  Within these parameters there iss  great  variation 

on other facets,  however, as  the  life-form must live  on thee  world theyy  evolved 

on,  and  thiss  cannot be  ignored.  Thus,  on those worlds where the  mass of  thee  

Z2o9 



Zeta TTaallkk  

planett  iss  such  thatt  gravityy  exerts a  greatt  pulll,,  the  life-form willl  evolve witthh  

enough strength  inn  bone and  muscle to  move about. Thus the  giantt  homi- 

noids from thee  12th  Planet are largee,,  heavy  boned, and  strong inn  comparison 

to  humans, as their  planett  exerts almost twice as  much gravityy  pullll  as  thee  

Earth. Thus we, thee  Zetas, are stronger than  humans, as  our planets  also  had  

more mass and  resulting gravityy  pulll..  Where skinny,  our bones are bolstered 

byy  wraparound ribss  and  jointss  that  move in  fewer directions than  human 
joints,,  thus  preventing strain.  

Beyond approximate sizee,,  the  life-form may be  of  carnivorous or 

vegetarian nature, or iff  the  planet  iss  lush  with watery nutrients, theyy  may 

even simply  absorb nutrients through  the  skin  as  many single-cell organisms 
do..  They  may have teeth or no teeth,  eyes or no eyes or multiple eyes, skin  
that  iss  dryy  and  tough  or covered with slime or  oill,,  bones as an interior or 
exterior skeleton or  no bones at  alll,,  able  to  generate their own sugars as do  
plants  or be  completely dependent upon food located and eaten, breathing 
through lungs  or gilllss  or absorbing airr  or water components through the  skin,,  
covered with feathers or fur  or scales or without an outer garment. Life- 
forms come in  alll  shapes,  and  humans embracing the  Awakening should be  
mentally and  emotionally prepared to  encounter them. Bear in  mind thatt  
theyy  think of  the  human form as  strange, too. 

Intelligent Carnivores 

Evolution inn  the  universe takes many paths,  but  alll  the  pathss  that  
corporeal lifee  follows require  consumption of  other livingg  matter. Itt  may be  
argued  thatt  plants  and single-cell creatures livee  byy  absorbing onlyy  chemicals 
and  lightt,,  and  thus  sustain themselves inn  a  benign  manner, butt  close examina- 
tionn  proves otherwise. Bacteria or virus material considered on the  border- 
line  of  being  livingg  matter, infects and  destroys thatt  which theyy  need forr  
nourishment, and  the  amoebae and  protozoa likewise surround and  consume 
foodstuffs theyy  encounter, whether this  food be  living  or not. Plants seem to  
take  in  carbon dioxide and  lightt  and  transform this  into  sugar. Yet  the  roots 
of  the  plantt  draw up  the  nourishment the  plants  need onlyy  because theyy  are 
embedded inn  soill  moistened inn  the  by-product of  other lifee,,  which must die  
forr  the  plant  to  grow, and  some carnivorous plants  don’t wait for  the  donor to  
die..  

30 



Other Worlds 

At  the  base of  lliiffee  on planets seeded with DNA are simple chemical 
reactions that  form iinn  ever more complex structures and replicate themselves. 
Those that  replicate successfully become the  genes of  the  future, and those 
that  do  not remain aass  building blocks ffoorr  the  more successful DNA chains. 
Eating  one another starts early..  Unlike tthhe  spiritual realm, where consump- 
ttiioonn  ooff  oonnee  ssppiirriitt  bbyy  aannootthheerr  iiss  never required and  inn  fact  cannot happen, 
carnivorous behavior iiss  iinnttrriinnssiicc  ttoo  corporeal lliiffee..  

Why God so structured the  world inn  thiss  way iiss  not known, but  consid- 
eringg  tthhaatt  aallll  forming eennttiittiieess  begin  tthheeiirr  lliiffee  incarnated, there aarree  certain 
lessons that  aarree  guaranteed. As empathy iinn  some degree iiss  also  intrinsic ttoo  
corporeal lliiffee,,  aa  conflict between tthhee  sseellff  and  tthhee  other iiss  aa  given..  Thus, tthhee  
conscious decision to  sacrifice the  self  iiss  frequently made, and  thiss  iiss  the  
spark  that  begins  development toward the  Service-to-Other orientation. 

Intelligent Insects 

In  the  case of  planets  where insects emerge aass  predominant, some insect 
forms begin  to  eat  other insects,  and  thus  can grow larger..  Humans, used to  
insect forms that  are tinyy,,  are seeing  what occurs when aallll  insect forms are 
consumed byy  others. On Earth,  insects are consumed not onlyy  byy  other 
insects but  also  are the  favorite food of  birds,,  reptiles,  and  rodents. For any 
insect ttoo  evolve aass  aa  largee  specimen on Earth would require  aa  protected 
environment where none of  the  other Earth creatures could discover iitt..  This 
iiss  simply not  the  case on your Earth,  but  iiss  the  case on those rare worlds 
where insects evolve as the  predominant, and  eventually the  intelligent, 

species.  

Other Worlds 

Life on other worlds iss,,  of  course, adapted to  the  chemical and  mineral 
mix indigenous on the  planet..  Some are silicon based,  where Homo sapiens, 
forr  instance, iiss  carbon based. The primary difference iiss  inn  adaptation to  
radiation, thee  intensity of  aa  given  sun or other heat source. Your sun iiss  of  
moderate intensity, but  there  are some worlds that  you could not visitt  iinn  your 

physical form. You would ffrryy  oorr  quickly sicken. There are other  worlds that  
you could not visitt  inn  physical  form because of  their  chemical and  mineral 
mixes. You would become poisoned. 

3] 



Zeta TTaallkk  

These are some of  thee  reasons why  alll  intelligent life-forms have not 
been presented to  our contactees, during any adaptation orientation such as  
the  one our emissary, Nancy, underwent. Consequently, the  Zetas have not  
seen alll  that  much of  the  universe either. The evolution of  a  life-form and  the  
home planet  determines to  some degree  where the  life-form can travel  and 
work. Beyond the  obvious differences inn  the  base chemistry of  the  DNA, or 
the  abilityy  to  tolerate highh  radiation from a  hot  sun, or thee  need to  breathe airr  
or water, there are issues of  gravity  tolerance. We,  the  Zetas who have 
chosen work on the  Earth’s Transformation, cannot return to  our home 
planets  because the  gravity  would crush us. We have adapted to  our new 
environments. Likewise itt  iss  known to  your scientists that  longg  space 
voyages without the  semblance of  Earth’s gravitational field  would doom 
your astronauts to  a  lifetime inn  space. 

=ah= 

32 



6  
Incarnations 

The rules we must observe that  prevent our machines from becoming 
alive,,  from becoming sentient or conscious thinking machines, must seem 
confusing to  humans who observe that  their computers often seem more 
intelligent than other humans. A  retarded human who can barely  recall the  
sequences necessary to  putt  one legg  into  aa  set  of  trousers iss  alive  and  con- 
scious, but  a  powerful computer monitoring a  myriad of  logicc  threads simul- 
taneously iss  not. Just  how does that  compute? The difference iiss  subtle,  and  
where the  line  may seem blurred to  humans who are confusing performance 
with intrinsic intellectual independence, i.ee..  choice, the  issue iss  not confusing 
to  us. We will  expand on the  differences between performance and  choice. 

Confusion over whether robots are alive,,  make choices, or might  be  
incarnated with spirittss  liess  inn  understanding what iss  seen versus what iss  
unseen on the  surface. On the  surface, humans see robots as  able  to  entertain 
focus on a  task  at  hand to  the  exclusion of  alll  possible distractions, and thus,,  

33 

ry st 



Zettaa lTaallk 

forr  instance, win  att  aa  game of  chess over a  human chess master. Iss  thee  robot 

not  thinking? Yes and  no,  depending upon how one classifies thought. To  

primitive peoples, a  simple  computer program appears to  be  thinking, as  itt  

can rapidlyy  arrive at  a  conclusion while entertaining a  problem itt  has  been 

programmed to  address. Computer programs are not considered brains byy  

most humans onlyy  because theyy  can gaze at  and  understand the  program, and  

can see that  the  computer iss  simply following instructions. 

What iss  unseen iss  that  robots are bounded inn  ways that  DNA iiss  nnoott  
boouunnddeedd..  Humans are bounded by  their biology, an inability to  putt  aside 
their  biological needs, so that  theyy  cannot travel where robots can, exclu- 
sivelyy  concentrate on aa  task  as  robots can, or remain calm inn  disturbing 
circumstances such as a  burning building or thee  torture of  another human 
might  present. In  overcoming biological imperatives, robots seem superior, 
especially since the  average human does not understand how theyy  have been 
programmed and  are inn  awe. Robots, however, are bounded inn  what theyy  can 
address. Even where robots are designed to  repairr  themselves and  make 
minor adjustments to  their  surroundings, theyy  are stillll  operating within their 
original  programming. 

A  robot arrives at  itss  decision quickly because itt  does not ponder. 
Humans are virtually unlimited inn  their  abilityy  to  ponder, which iss  what 
makes their  life-form attractive to  the  stuff of  souls so that  entities form 
within humans. Robots are utterlyy  boring, as theyy  have an inability to  
ponder, being  programmed to  reach quick  conclusions after  considering aa  set  
number of  variables, and thus  do  not attract the  stuff of  souls,  regardless of  
appearances! 

Stuff of  Souls 

What humans refer to  as  the  soul,,  what iss  sometimes called the  spiritt,,  or 
which we refer to  as the  entity,,  iss  not what iss  supposed byy  most humans. 
They  imagine a  vapor, something that  can move through walls like  a  ghostt,,  
something without substance that  seeks to  influence thee  physical world 
around itt  with littlee  success. They  realize the  soul  can remember, as passtt  
lives  are recalled, but  do  not  imagine that  a  physical brain iss  required. The 
view that  humans have of  the  soul  iss,,  as  could be  expected, the  view from the  
human vantage point..  What iss  missing from that  vantage point  iss the  abilityy  
to  see the  soul,  as the  substance iss  not something that  the  human eye can 

34 



Incarnations 

perceive. The soul has  substance, and  grows inn  bulk earlyy  inn  itss  development 
as many incarnations, many lives,,  are experienced. This bulk cannot be  
gauged by  humans, who look upon one another as having equal  souls,  when 
nothing of  the  kind iss  the  reality.  Some souls are so tinyy  and  poorly con- 
structed that  theyy  dissipate after the  incarnation, what we term aborted 
entities. This type  of  soul may be  present inn  many animals and  even some 
plantt  forms, as the  stuff of  souls iss  dispersed throughout the  universe and 
incarnations happen naturally. Where the  human eye cannot gauge the  mass 
of  another soul,,  the  spiritt  gauges this  very well. You know instinctively that  
another iss  old  and  wise. 

Not onlyy  does the  soul  have memory, itt  also  does not forget..  Itt  iss  not by  
accident that  intelligent life-forms have nerves, brains,  and  memory inn  the  
form of  chemical impressions. The stuff of  souls iss  simply another density  
level,,  one that  touches on alll  the  others. Itt iss finer  and more durable, att  the  
same time. Itt  could be  called the  base of  matter, inn  that  regard,  as  itt  perme- 
ates alll  levels where matter can reside. Intelligent life-forms come inn  many 
shapes and sizes,,  but  alll  have brains and  nerves. Thus a  soul  can incarnate inn  
a  hominoid at  one point  inn  itss  development, and  into  quitee  another life-form 
during another incarnation, without any  adaptation required. The spiritt  
communicates to  the  mind byy  biochemical means, byy  incitingg  biochemical 
activity.  Itt does so byy  adjusting itself  to  the  density of  the  incarnated body  
and  to  the  peculiar biochemistry of  the  life-form. During each incarnation 
the  spiriitt  quickly familiarizes itself with itss  new physical body,  and gets  
down to  business. 

Soul Nature 

The soul  does not require food or  nourishment as  physical life-forms 
do.  The human animal cannot retain itss  shape  without fuel,,  without main- 
taining a  certain temperature and replacing damaged or consumed biochemi- 
cals.  IItt  must eat  to  survive. Souls do  not require  a  temperature maintenance, 
and byy  their nature maintain their  own chemistry, the  onlyy  outside reach 

required iss  to  acquire more of  the  stuff  of  souls,,  present everywhere inn  thee  
universe, when growth in  bulk iss  occurring. 

Humans are used to  thinking of  the  senses as  merely  sightt,,  sound, 

touch,  taste,,  and  smell—five senses. A  sixth  sense iss  attributed too  alll  other 

hunches, and  iss  variously described as  being  supported byy  ESP or  intuition. 

35 



ZetaTalk 

The human body  alone has  many other  senses, and  thee  soul  surpasses any 

givenn  bodyy  inn  which itt happens to  incarnate. Senses not mentioned are thee  

sense of  balance, where relationship to  thee  gravityy  center iss  sensed, thee  sense 

of  motion, related to  the  sense of  balance, and  thee  sense of  being  illl,,  where 

thee  human senses thatt  alll  iss  not righhtt  with the  body..  We have mentioned onlyy  

those senses thatt  thee  common man can readilyy  relate to,,  not the  myriad thatt  

inn  fact  exist.  Between the  soul  and  itss  surroundings, there are many touch 

points..  Thus,  even though the  soul  does not actually  have eyes, itt  can see!!  

The ssttuff  of  souls,  the  substance spiritss  are composed of,,  transcends alll  
density  levels,  as itt  can interact with what humans calll  thee  physical world on 
alll  density  levels,  simultaneously. Most humans are at  best  newly formed 
entities incarnated into  an intelligent body  native to  the  Earth. Both the  
entityy,,  or spiriitt  form,  and  the  human body  newly emerged into  consciousness 
are aware onlyy  of  the  corporeal world around them. They  naturally think thiss  
predominant. Itt  iss  not. Those formed entities who have experienced thou- 
sands of  incarnations and  have begun  to  interact with entities from other 
worlds are aware of  the  spiriitt  world also. But untill  an entityy  has  arrived at  
higher-density levels and  has  itself  been at  the  helm during  density shifting, 
theyy  are onlyy  superficially aware of  how vast the  universe actually  is..  

Incarnations 

Incarnations occur naturally and  are the  way thatt  forming entities gett  
their  start. The stuff of  souls iss  everywhere, disbursed throughout the  
universe, but  so disbursed itt  does not make a  soul. Does aa  singlee  strand of  
DNA constitute life?  Yes and  no. By  itself  itt  iss  aa  complex chemical, but  
when combined with other DNA inn  aa  livingg  organism itt  iss  considered life..  
The ssttuuffff  ooff  souls tends to  gather  inn  livingg  things  as  the  environment iss  more 
interesting than nonliving environments. Itt  iss  not so much that  itt  iss  attracted 
to  lifee  as  that  itt  lingers,  and  thus begins  to  accumulate. Without conscious 
intelligence itt  fails  to  establish a  personality—a self—and after  death of  the  
life-form disburses again..  

After a  certain point,,  when the  lessons to  be  learned from the  shear fact  
of  lifee  have been well learned by  the  newly formed entities,,  guided  incarna- 
tions  become thee  norm. This iss  to  helpp  the  forming entities maximize the  
wisdom to  be  gained  from their incarnations. Formed entities,,  operating inn  
fourth density  or higher,  surround the  immature entityy  when itt  has  freed itself 

36 



Incarnations 

from a  dead or dying  body,  and communicate. These conferences may be  
short,,  with a  second incarnation occurring almost instantly when the  pathh  iss  
clear and  incarnation opportunities are available, or theyy  may dragg  out,  iff  the  
lesson to  be  learned requires a  special  environment or iff  incarnation opportu- 
nniittiieess  are limited. In  the  meantime the  forming entityy  does not wander, aass  iitt  
iiss  essentially herded together with others like  itselff,,  and  finds this  stimulat- 
ing.  

Since incarnations are natural, when the  forming entityy  iss guided to  a  
new body  itt  sets up  housekeeping willingly. This iss  a  familiar experience. 
Burning issues which were present when the  entityy  leftt  ittss  former home, a  
dead or dying  body,,  come to  the  fore,,  and  the  forming entityy  iss  off  againn  on 
the  great  exploration that  lifee  provides. Being  incarnated iss  farr  more stimu- 
latingg  and fascinating than the  alternative, being  discarnate, at  thiss  stage, and 
out-of-body experiences seldom occur unless trauma to  the  body  iss  extreme. 
Incarnations gainn  the  entityy  an acute sense of  mission. Think of  your current 
third-density existence and  your current mission to  determine your orienta- 
tion,,  service-to-self or service-to-others. How would aa  spiriitt  form so decide? 
What sacrifice iss  required for  service-to-others? The orientation decision of  
the  entityy  iss proved out byy  lifee  circumstances. In  some cases an entityy  
continues to  learn through incarnation, even when in  aa  higher density.  
Incarnations are a  learning tool.  

Forming Entities 

In  the  beginning, each forming entityy  iss  aware onlyy  of  itself.  Self- 
awareness iss  a  constant state in  alll  lifee  of  whatever form,  but  at  the  start this  
iss  the  onlyy  state. Forming entities are placed  into  third-density incarnations, 
repeatedly, to  hasten the  third-density lesson—the orientation determination. 
Whether incarnated or not,,  forming entities firstt  become aware of  others 
based on the  effect upon the  self..  Iss  thee  effect pleasant or unpleasant, domi- 
nating  or acquiescing, desired or resisted? Incarnated or not,  social inter- 
change has  begun. Sense of  the  other iss  also  born inn  thiss  context, not onlyy  inn  
awareness of  the  partner inn  social interactions, but  also  byy  observing others 
undergoing a  similar experience. Within third  densityy  there iss  firstt  self--  
awareness, second reacting to  thee  presence of  others,  and  lastllyy  the  capacity 

for  empathy. 

37 



ZetaTlalk 

In  making the  orientation determination, thee  entityy  choosing service-to- 

self isi s not so much progressing towards thiss  determination as  clinging back.  

They  remain most comfortable with  self-awareness, and  react to  others in  

thiss  context, essentially asking, “What can you do  forr  me?” Interactions 

between entities change and  become more complex during  spiritual  fourth 

density,,  and  many entities completing their third-density physical existence 

are already  operating inn  thiss  mode. Following the  development of  the  

capacity forr  empathy comes the  determination to  intercede, to  rescue, and  as  

an adjunct  to  thiss  determination the  entityy  begins cooperative efforts,  thee  sum 

being greater than thee  parts..  

Complex ssooccial interchange presents forming entities with situations 
requiring compromise iff  goalss  are to  be  met, and the  need to  subjugate 
personal desires so that  another might  be  rescued or thee  group as  a  whole 
might  benefit. While the  entityy  leaning toward the  service-to-others orienta- 
tion  moves steadily inn  thiss  direction, the  entityy  leaning toward service-to-self 
reacts to  this  greater social complexity with more of  the  same old  reaction, 
“What’s inn  itt  foor rme?” As entities surrounding the  emerging service-to-self 
entittyy  are learning compromise and conciliation, the  technique forr  the  self-  
focused entityy  to  gainn  more forr  the  self  iss  essentially manipulation. Since 
groups of  emerging service-to-others entities are forming, the  emerging 
service-to-self entityy  tunes itss  manipulation skills  so as  to  manipulate groups, 
too. The orientations, even within third density,  set  out upon different paths,,  
and polarization increases as  theyy  progress. 

What does the  future hold? The service-to-self entities’ spiritual  
existence iss  essentially frozen while their  intellectual existence progresses. 
For  the  service-to-self entities there  iss  even less  interplay and manipulation 
between entities than took placee  inn  third density. A  rigidd  hierarchy with rules 
forr  everything emerges so that  the  lessons can proceed. Spiritual  wisdom forr  
thee  service-to-others entities continues to  grow and  augments rather than 
detracts from their intellectual progress. Skills inn  team efforts,  where the  
individual iss  not required to  sacrifice, but  can learn  and grow while contribut- 
ingg,,  are honed. Where the  focus at  the  beginning of  third  density was self-  
awareness, by  the  end  of  fourth density  inn  the  service-to-others orientation 
thee  focus has  expanded to  be  on group awareness. 

taht 
38 



i7  

Reincarnation 

Forming entities on a  third-density world incarnate almost continuously 
earlyy  inn  their  third-density existence, unless there iss  a  lack  of  opportunity. 
Just  after an intelligent species  has  been genetically engineered, however, 
forming entities usually  find  thee  opposite situation—more than enough 
bodies awaiting an incarnation, a  choice. This  iss  due  to  many forming 
entities aborting upon death,  so  that  a  stable or growing population has  an 
increasing number of  bodies but  few  reincarnating entities. During these 
earlyy  years the  majority of  intelligent, conscious, creatures are inn  fact  virginn  
territory  forr  a  new forming entityy,,  with the  minority being  occupied byy  a  
reincarnating spiritt..  The birthing envoys, at  thiss  stage,  allow the  process to  
occur automatically. In  due  time  theyy  stepp  inn  to  start guiding incarnations, 
but  theyy  do  this  without having to  resort to  thee  imposition of  any  physical 
restraints. 

Spiritt  guides  force an out-of-body entityy  back into  itss  body,,  and  birthing  
envoys gather  up  entities leaving  a  dead or dying  body..  How iss  thiss  done 
without physical restraints? Iff  spirittss  can pass  through walls and  travel 
freely,,  would theyy  not  simply  fliitt  away from the  entities watching over them? 

39 



ZetaTalk 

Order iss  maintained inn  these situations byy  what we would best  describe as a  

force  of  will..  Entities actingg  as  school-yard monitors on a  third-density 

world are operating inn  spirituall  fourth density,  and  many have arrived from 

even higher  densities to  do  service. Spiritually, theyy  have more bulk,,  more 

mass, and  certainly have more wisdom and  skilll  to  coax and  manipulate 
lesser entities. 

An  immature entittyy  leaning toward service-to-self iss  led  to  an environ- 

menit, among more mature entities,  where itt  can be  thee  center of  attention, 

and  thus  itt  has  no urge to  wander. Immature entities leaning toward service- 

to-others are placed  together with a  peer that  needs healing,  and  participate 
with  higher  density entities inn  thiss  process. Likewise, given  their  sense of  
purpose, theyy  have no immediate urge to  wander. Where recently incarnated 
entities have unsettled business and  wish to  visit  the  livingg  or to  visitt  certain 
settings,  a  fieldd  triipp  iss  essentially arranged. Some of  these field  trippss  go  on 
for  years and  even hundreds of  years, producing what you term a  haunting. 
During thiss  time the  distraught entittyy  iss  inn  the  company of  itss  guides,  who 
normally keepp  watch over a  number of  other immature entities at  thee  same 
time. Nevertheless, thee  guidess  can be  called upon to  attend to  the  haunting 
entityy,,  when need be..  

Aborted Entities 

During times of  a  rapidd  increase inn  population, such as  the  Earth has  
experienced during  the  past  half  century, no reincarnation occurs inn  many 
intelligent creatures, but  a  forming entityy  may begin.  As  iss  usual inn  these 
circumstances, most will  abort. The spark  iss  not litt,,  and  after death dissipa-  
tion  occurs. This essential abortion iss  not due to  any action on the  part  of  the  
birthing envoys, who are there to  gather  what emerges, but  rather to  lack  of  
action having taken placee  within the  body..  Where aa  lifee  iss  lived passively, 
with  littlee  challenge and  exhibiting no initiative, a  forming entityy  iss  unlikely 
to  do  anything but  dissipate upon death. There iss  nothing for  the  birthing  
envoys to  gather.  Once formed, however, entities do  not dissipate. Failure to  
form iss  due  to  a  lazyy  or indolent life-style, lack of  native intelligence, or lack  
of  stimulation. In  this  regard,  the  challenging, stressful lifee  iss  a  benefit, 
rather than  a  drawback. Thus,  when the  harvest time comes, during the  
pending polee  shiftt,,  there will  not be  close to  fivee  billion Terran souls to  be  
escorted to  new homes, but  onlyy  a littlee  more than  aa  billion. 

40 



Reincarnation 

Animals’ Souls 

Not alll  livingg  human bodies have incarnate souls. Those humans who 
are severely retarded, or  inn  aa  deep  coma with scant hope  of  recovery, or 
simply inn  aa  primitive and  self-centered, idlee,,  life-style may not have souls. 
On the  other hand,  theyy  might.  Itt  iss  dependent on what lessons the  soul  
requires, and  what school room the  soul  would best  be  inn  to  receive these 
lessons. Would a  soul  ever enter and  incarnate intoo  a  nonhuman physical 
ffoorrmm??  Most certainly, but  onlyy  on rare occasions would such an arrangement 
be  allowed. The reason iss  that  thiss  existence does not have much to  teach an 
entityy,,  and thiss  iss  the  consideration byy  which the  birthing envoys are guided.  

What type  of  animal might  the  entityy  incarnate into? Any  kind,,  al--  
though most likelyy  thiss  would be  a  mammal, aa  reptile,,  or a  bird. These 
categories include the  mammals of  the  seas, and small as well  as  largee  
reptiles  and  birds. Thus,  when you see lifee,,  you should consider itt  to  be  
precious, as  you know not what you may be  destroying. Dolphins are as  
intelligent  as  dogss  or horses or pigss,,  and  as  such are sentient animals deserv- 
ingg  of  consideration. In  factt,,  as  souls may incarnate temporarily into  such 
animals, theyy  should be  considered to  have thiss  possibility. A  rare chance, 
but  possible. 

Crowded Incarnations 

On worlds where incarnations are beginning to  repeat, where entities 
have sparked due  to  incarnating into  intelligent species  and  are reincarnating 
again  and  again,  crowded incarnations seldom happen, as  there iss  a  plenitude 
of  bodies for  the  entities to  incarnate into.  However, inn  a  situation such as 
the  Earth iss  due  to  experience, where the  majority of  bodies will  diee  sud-  
denly,,  leaving the  formerly incarnated entities without opportunities, chaos 
can and  does ensue. Crowded incarnations are very temporary. For instance, 
during  the  forthcoming polee  shift  thiss  potential may exist  forr  several months. 
TThhee  nnoorrmmaall  procedure where immature entities are gathered upon the  death 
ooff  tthheeiirr  body  and  amused or  otherwise occupied until  the  next incarnation 
ccaann  bbee  aarrrraannggeedd,,  iiss  difficult due  to  the  numbers, so att  times these entities 
roam about and  tryy  to  arrange their  own incarnations. 

For  multiple entities to  be  incarnating inn  a  body  at  once, aallll  aarree  weak oorr  

theyy  would not tolerate cohabitation. Normally thee  birthing  guides  prevent 

such takeovers but  during  chaotic conditions, multiple incarnations can pass  

4] 



ZetaTalk 

notice temporarily. Iff  the  originally incarnating entityy  does not want too  be  

removed and  lingerss  about inn  resentment, the  birthing  guides  soon arrive to  

set  thingss  righhtt  againn..  However, iff  thee  entittyy  displaced inn  factt  was looking 

forr  a  way out and  iss  relieved, thiss  may be  treated as a  voluntary walk-in and  

allowed to  continue. The takeover iss  often  rebuffed, as  thee  originally incar- 

natingg  entittyy  most definitely has  the  advantage, being  familiar with the  

territory,,  forr  instance. The incarnating entityy  and  itss  human body  sense what 

theyy  mightt  term ghosts  or  spirittss  about,  and  may even be  aware of  spiritual  

discussions or invitations, but  are otherwise not disturbed byy  the  true drama 

around them. 

Old Souls 

Iff  the  Earth iss  a  home to  forming entities, and  the  Council of  Worlds iss  
regulating visits  between entities who have graduated from such homes to  
travel about the  universe, then  justt  how ancient are such entities sittingg  on the  
Council? The lengthh  of  time iss  not a  relevant guide  here,,  as progression inn  
spiritual  matters iss  lesss  a  matter of  years than a  matter of  growth. There are 
old  souls inn  the  service-to-self camps that  have barely  progressed past  the  
pointt  of  most immature souls on Earth! They  are firmly  service-to-self, and 
thus  progressed to  fourth density,  and  there theyy  sitt..  There are relatively 
young souls who move rapidly  through the  densities, as  byy  their  nature theyy  
learn rapidly  and  do  not hesitate to  applyy  their  knowledge. And inn  between 
are the  vast majority, who lingerr  at  points,  revisit areas theyy  have passed  
through before to  solidify  lessons, and  become blocked due  to  their  natures 
now and  then,,  moving beyond the  blocks onlyy  when theyy  realize that  thiss  iss  
preventing any forward progress. 

Star Children 

A  star child iss  an incarnation into  human form byy  an entityy  from another 
world. Star  children are often misunderstood while incarnated as  humans, 
simply  because theyy  have no way of  communicating their vast background to  
their  human neighbors. Imagine trying  to  talk  about jungles and deep  oceans 
and  thee  vastness of  space to  littlee  children, who have onlyy  known the  nurs- 
ery!!  There iss  no frame of  reference. Star  children seldom operate alone,  but  
are assisted byy  others from their  group who operate disincarnately, inn  the  
main. Nevertheless, the  star child finds himself cut adrift,,  as  the  human body  
iss  confused and  has  onlyy  the  incarnating soul  as a  pointt  of  reference. Thus, a  

A42 



Reincarnation 

star child’s spiriitt  may urge the  human mind and  body  to  a  particular action 
that  the  human, mingling inn  human society  with itss  limited perspective, finds 
absurd. The incarnation iss  then  at  odds with itself,,  with the  human distressed 
and feelingg  lonely  and  confused. 

When We Die  

Humans aarree  aware of  aa  reception line  awaiting them when theyy  die,,  
from the  reports of  near-death experiences—a longg  tunnel with  a  brightt  white 
lightt  at  the  end,,  and those now  deceased who were close to  them waiting or 
beckoning. Iff  the  moment of  death iss  confusing to  doctors, itt  iss  no lesss  clear 
inn  the  spiritual  realm. An injured  body,  such as  one sustaining massive brain 
injury,,  may cease to  be  a  home forr  the  incarnating entityy  months before those 
attending the  death watch finallyy  pulll  the  sheets up  over the  lingering be-  
loved. Itt iss possible, inn  such a  circumstance, that  the  entityy  has  already been 
placed inn  another, thriving, human body—a newborn babe. On the  other 
hand,  some entities hang  around longg  after  the  body  has  been cremated or  
burned, as  haunting ghosts.  Beyond the  issue of  when the  spiriitt  leaves thee  
body  iss  thee  spirituall  issue of  how the  entityy  putss  the  past  lifee  to  rest,,  judges 
progress made on various lessons that  were at  the  fore  going  into  the  incarna- 
tion,,  and determines any  future course of  action theyy  personally might  desire 
as a  result—critique time. 

Iff  thee  death was sudden and  unexpected, the  entityy  may have many 
outstanding issues theyy  remain concerned with after the  physical body  dies.  
This  invariably iss  the  first  stopp  after death,  though itt  varies, depending on thee  
general  orientation of  thee  entityy  and  their  lifee  circumstances. Elderly  per-  
sons, who had  longg  settled their  affairs inn  preparation forr  the  inevitable, 
might  not do  more than  cast a  backward glance  on their  way to  the  future,  
noting  that  their  death was being  handled as  theyy  had  anticipated. Someone 
inn  their  prime,  with  dependent children or oldsters and  many outstanding 
promises, might  lingerr  at  this  stage,  visiting  those theyy  are concerned about 
as a  ghost,  essentially an out-of-body, forr  dayss  or  months until  theyy  can see 
the  outcome. This stage  differs between orientations, the  service-to-others 
entities lingering longer  due  to  their  concern forr  others and  thee  service-to-self 
entities wishing onlyy  to  move on to  future opportunities. At  times,  those who 
have been wronged and  wish forr  vindication or revenge may also  lingerr  at  

thiss  stage,  haunting inn  an effort  to  influence human affairs. 

43 



Zeta Talk 

Critique of  thee  incarnation, judging ittss  success or failure, iss  not  always 

what thee  entityy  might  desire. The entityy  might  feell  he,,  himself, has  made 

progress where thee  spiriitt  guides  have another opinion  entirely..  Progress on 

lessons to  be  learned can be  confused byy  cross currents, where the  lifee  

circumstances offered opportunities such thatt  unplanned lessons were 

addressed, and  those planned  gott  neglected. The  immature entityy  may vviieeww 
the  incarnation aa  failure,  in  thiss  regard,,  and  be  surprised to  find  thee  record 
being  looked at  from unexpected angles..  Most often thee  entittyy  has  made 
scarce progress, and  will  find  themselves repeating the  setting  in  future lives  
until  progress iss  made. 

The stage  where future action iss determined marks thee  pointt  where the  
past  lifee  iss  settled  and  the  future iss  beginning. This pointt  iss  not reached as 
long  as  issues from the  past  lifee  and  the  critique  are outstanding. Itt  iss  at  this  
stage  that  the  lessons at  the  fore  of  thee  next incarnation are clear. The 
immature entityy  may not be  inn  agreement, and  thus  this  stage  can be  drawn 
out,,  as  the  incarnation would be  wasted iff  the  focus were not  clear. Where 
humans are unaware of  their  past  lives,,  and  per  the  Rule of  Forgetfulness are 
supposed to  start thee  incarnation with a  clean slate,,  inn  factt  the  immature 
entityy  needs to  be  clear  on how their  progress iss  viewed byy  others. They  may 
not agree, but  theyy  must understand. At  this  pointt  the  next incarnation iss  
planned and  plotted  byy  the  spiriitt  guides,,  who givee  scant consideration to  
what the  immature entityy  might  be  clamoring for..  

tatee  

44 



Life-Forms 






8  
Life  Forms 

Some aliens receive nutrients from basking inn  the  Sun. This iss  true as  
some aliens,  ourselves included, have to  some degree  inserted the  genetics of  
plantss  into  our systems. We create chlorophyll inn  response to  energy emitted 
from a  typicall  sun, and  synthesize crude nutrients such as minerals and  water 
into  sugars. This alll  onlyy  goes so farr,,  and  inn  fact  onlyy  givess  us what you 
would describe as  a  sugar high,,  a  boost. Most of  the  alien  forms mankind 
willl  meet will  be  gray.  Of  thee  some thousand or  more species visiting  Earth,  
over half  have been of  a  gray tone. The  color iss  what your eye  can perceive. 
Your scientists will  telll  you that  thee  human eye  sees onlyy  a  very small 
spectrum of  what iss  to  be  seen. When the  color of  the  skin  before you cannot 
be  seen byy  you, you registerr  gray. Itt  iss  impossible to  describe thee  color 
spectrum thatt  humans are missing, as  theyy  would have no frame of  reference. 
The  colors are new to  humans. The rainbows we see have dozens of  colors 
beyond the  rainbows you see. 

47 



Zetaftalk 

Sexual Variations 

The  most common form of  sexuality inn  thee  universe iss  two genders, 

emerging due  to  the  obvious—if one wants to  form a  new genetic  entityy  from 

various DNA samples, mixing two DNA samples together will  do  itt..  In  factt,,  

any life-form that  does not combine into  new variations will  die  out,,  unable 

to  withstand thee  environmental variables thatt  itt  sooner or later  encounters. 

Inbred gene poolss  likewise are susceptible to  disease or heritable diseases, as 
zoo keepers are acutely  aware. The ability  of  the  gene pooll  to  survive by  
mixing iss  the  reason that  DNA most often has  two strands. Those life-forms 
that  had but  a  singlee  strand did  not  survive to  reproduce, and life-forms with 
more than  two strands were prone to  genetic flaws during  the  parting and re- 
merging phase  of  conception. Thus bisexuality iss  thee  most common form,  
followed byy  the  ability  of  the  life-form to  clone itself. 

The Earth iss  an example of  thee  great  number of  sexual variations that  
can emerge. But whether the  new offspring iss  the  result  of  an intense and 
devoted coupling, pairing forr  lifee,,  or aa casual encounter where insects swarm 
or fish  mingle their deposit  on the  bottom of  the  pond,  thee  process iss  the  
same—two DNA halves meeting to  make a  whole. Thus, the  additional 
variations that  the  universe would present to  man would not be  that  surpris- 
ingg..  Size,  shape,,  longevity of  the  coupling, and  timing of  mating or fre--  
quency of  the  routine are factors related to  what the  life-form found was most 
successful during itss  evolution. 

The frequently seen sexual characteristic of  male bulk versus female 
delicacy, so common inn  mammals on Earth, iss  not the  most common arrange- 
ment throughout the  universe. Large  males have emerged on Earth due  to  
their tendency to  win the  rightt  to  mate with the  available females, thus  
passing their  genes along.  Many of  your insects have the  female huge,  such 
as the  queen bee,,  her  size  reflecting her  focused vocation. Size  of  the  male 
matters not as  mating iss  done once, as  a  result of  aa  swarm. Throughout the  
universe, the  most common size  and  shape  arrangement iss  a  similar size,,  due  
to  the  fact  that  most life-forms are from water planets  and  conception occurs 
outside the  body.  Where lifee  iss  carried inside the  body,  the  female form 
reflects this..  The extremes of  thiss  vary from birth  when barely  formed, as  
with your kangaroos, to  birth when fulllyy  formed, as  with most of  your 
mammals. 

48 



Life-Forms 

Male strength and  aggression versus female composure, common inn  
life-forms that  have emerged on Earth,  are not the  onlyy  arrangement that  
mankind iss  aware of..  Some insects,  such as  the  Praying Mantis, hhaavvee  tthhee  
female massive and  aggressive with the  male small enough ttoo  become aa  
snack forr  the  female after  the  mating, which usually occurs. Land creatures 
on Earth have emerged with the  males aggressive and  the  females passive 
due  inn  part  to  the  number of  carnivores on Earth. Males who exploded with 
rage when their territory  was challenged, and with great  strength and resolve 
during  the  battle,,  protected thee  females theyy  had impregnated and thus  passed 
their  genes along..  Throughout the  universe, aggression differences inn  thee  
sexes most often tiipp  towards thee  female being  more aggressive, as  she  must 
snatch alll  available food for  the  eggs or young she  iss  about to  produce. 

On Earth,  mating frequency iss  most often related to  seasons, the  young 
making the  mad scramble to  attain  enough sizee  to  survive during  the  warm 
summer months. In  life-forms where the  young are at  great  risk,,  mating 
frequency iss  almost constant, as with humans where the  young are hairless 
and  immobile. In  other parts  of  the  universe, or on other planets  with longer  
orbits,  seasons would either not be  aa  factor or longg  hibernation of  the  life--  
form might  ensue. There are life-forms inn  the  universe that  have sex onlyy  
once, on average, during  their  lifee  time and then produce a  largee  number of  
offspring. On aa  planet  with harsh livingg  conditions, where tender young lifee  
has  a  narrow window of  time inn  which to  scramble toward adulthood, mating 
and  rearing  young becomes an intense focus, where alll  members of  the  life--  
form do  little  else.  

Reptilians 

Reptilian alien  groups are somewhat cold-blooded, which does not 
relate to  their  orientation att  all..  Reptilian entities that  humans may encounter 
may be  of  service-to-others or service-to-self orientation. However, as the  
reptilian genetics allow for  less  empathy, or  telepathic awareness of  others,  
which the  service-to-self orientation finds distracting, reptilians most often 
are service-to-self. 

There are numerous reptilians at  work inn  thee  vicinity  of  Earth. Some of  
thee  forms are humanoid, with  arms and  hands with fingerss  and  opposable 

thumbs, legss  and  feett  with  toes,  eyes  forward on thee  face  rather than  facingg  to  
thee  sidee,,  and  a  bipedal  stance. Others take  the  form of  what you would calll  

49 



Zetatalk 

snakes, with some development of  limbs inn  varying numbers. Others have 

forms similar to  lizards and  walk on four  or more legss,,  their  bodies beingg  too  

stifff  to  allow an upright  stance. These alien  forms can rear up  to  perform  
functions, but  essentially work at  thee  floor level. Because thiss  places  them at  

a  disadvantage when meeting humans, theyy  are not used byy  thee  service-to- 

selff  orientation inn  addressing humans, as  the  service-to-self orientation uses 

intimidation to  function. 

The Dino iss  a  reptilian form familiar to  humans. Where not as  largee  as  
the  Earth’s dinosaurs, thiss  reptilian looks like  a  miniature Tyrannosaurus Rex. 
This form iss  used byy  the  service-to-self orientation inn  encounters with 
humans, as intimidation iss  supported not onlyy  byy  the  imposing form, which 
stands at  least  as talll  as the  average human, but  byy  educated humankind’s 
awareness of  the  fierceness of  a  similar dinosaur inn  Earth’s past.  

Hominoids 

Itt  iss  frequently mentioned that  the  Pleiadeans look very much like  
humans, as  do  the  Nordics and Sirians. Where the  similarities immediately 
impress humans having  contact with these hominoids, there are differences 
that  would stand out should theyy  simply set  up  housekeeping inn  the  neighbor- 
hood. The eatingg  habits would be  the  firstt  to  be  noticed, as  where genetic 
engineering of  hominoids has  resulted in  similar looking forms, the  worlds 
the  hominoids had to  adapt  to  differed greatly..  Nordics eat  littlee,,  having 
learned to  adapt  to  lean  times on their world. Faced with what humans 
consider a  meal,  a  Nordic would appear to  be  a  picky  eater. 

Just  as the  Men In  Black are under stress when exposed to  the  Sun’s 
rays, hominoid life-forms such as  ourselves from dim suns have difficulty 
dealing with a  mid-sized sun such as yours. This would be  true of  Pleiadeans 
as well as  Nordics, who would not simply gett  sunburn, but  would aallssoo  
develop symptoms of  radiation poisoning as  well.  

Humans think of  hominoids as bipedal  and  hairless—the naked ape.  
Hominoid forms evolve naturally on many worlds, and  justt  as the  proto- 
hominoid on Earth was a  hairyy  ape,  the  proto-hominoid elsewhere can take 
many forms. Due to  the  genetic engineering that  takes place,,  grafting 
genetics from existing hominoid stock,  the  hominoid visitors that  humans 

50 



Life-Forms 

have encountered look similar to  humans in  the  main,  and  thus  have given  
the  erroneous impression that  thiss  iss  the  hominoid form. The naked ape iss  
but  one variation of  the  hominoid form. 

Cat People 

There are alien hominoids that  look  likee  monkeys or apes to  humans 
and  a  variation on thiss  form iss  a  furryy  hominoid humans take to  be  a  bipedal 
cat.  Humans have whiskers, but  not the  stiff  sensing kind that  rodents and  
their pett  cats and dogs  possess, so seeing  whiskers on the  delicate face  of  a  
fuzzyy  visitor has  caused them to  assume these visitors to  be  cat people.  

Praying Mantis 

What iss  termed the  Praying Mantis iss  a  hominoid, and what many 
contactees take  to  be  the  insect forms of  their  visitors are almost invariably 
hominoid. They  have no physiological similarity to  the  insects of  Earth, 
however, and  inn  factt  are a  form of  hominoid—mammalian. The Praying 
Mantises are one of  hundreds of  alien groups involved in  the  Earth’s transfor- 
mation, but  theyy  are few inn  number. They  possess remarkable telepathic 
abilities, surpassing that  of  ourselves, the  Zetas. 

Bigfoot 

Bigfoot iss  an earlyy  model of  man, an interim model of  one of  the  sixx  
races of  man. Bigfoot was separated, removed from the  others, and  moved 
into  remote areas. The reason forr  thiss  iss  that  Bigfoot was to  house a  group of  
entities who are in  quarantine. They  are in  quarantine, placed into  a  primi-  
tive  condition, at  their  request, so that  theyy  can return to  a  basic understand- 
ingg  of  how to  gett  alongg  with each other,,  with nature, and  ponder the  won- 
drous workings of  nature. Their quarantine iss  not an exile. Itt  iss  aa  search forr  
peace. 

Men in  Black 

The Men inn  Black are not extraterrestrial at  alll,,  but  livee  underground, inn  
tunnels and  caverns. Being  unable to  livee  on thee  Earth’s surface, thee  Men inn  
Black established themselves underground when theyy  firstt  arrived on Earth,  

5] 



Zetatalk 

inn  a  technologically advanced state. Their townships existt  inn  isolation, as  

theyy  very  seldom travel  from one township to  another, being  at  riskk  of  

exposure to  humans inn  so doing..  

Mythological Creatures 

Where thee  dinosaurs died  out  longg  before mankind was engineered into  

beingg  from ape  stock,  the  Earth was not the  onlyy  planet  to  givee  birth  to  such 

creatures. Evolution follows similar patterns, and  where your Earth brought 

ffoorrtthh  dinosaurs with wings,  so  did  other planets  compatible with the  Earth. 
Your dragons were transplants brought to  the  Earth by  earlyy  ambassadors 
from the  service-to-self orientation, who anticipated an increased harvest of  
lackeys from the  Earth due  to  the  fear  and  despair  their  dragons wrought. 
Were the  dragons intelligent and  incarnated with souls? No. Ona  scale of  1  
to  10,,  where the  average dogg  iss  a  10,,  a  dragon was barely  a  3..  This iss  why,  inn  
spittee  of  the  massive size  and  capacity to  flyy  as  well as lumber over hilll  and  
dale,,  theyy  were so easilyy  slain. Dumb brutes. Did theyy  breathe fire? No. 
But when roaring, open mouthed, itt  feltt  like  that  to  those within range. They 
had hot  breath and  a  bigg  wind pipe..  

The vampire legend iss  based on a  creature similar to  the  Earth’s vam- 
piree  bats,,  one that  evolved on another world. Just  as dragons were brought to  
the  Earth byy  aliens inn  the  service-to-self orientation, to  terriffyy  humans theyy  
hoped to  later  recruit into  their ranks,  so  were largee  vampire bats  brought to  
Earth. The imported bats  were largee  though slender. When flyingg  theyy  
looked like  bats,,  but  after  theyy  landed their folding  wings  looked like  out- 
stretched arms—the vampire inn  hiss  black cape. In  any lightt  nearby the  eyes 
looked red,,  as  theyy  lacked the  protective pigment necessary in  harsh daylight 

>5)  

showing onlyy  the  blood justt  under the  surface of  the  eye. And justt  as  some 
hairyy  monkeys on Earth have hairless, palee  faces,  so did  these  largee  vampire 
bats  have hairless faces.  They  were chosen byy  the  service-to-self aliens 
because theyy  resembled humans, inn  the  dusk. The terrified victims, frozen in  
fearr,,  gave birth to  the  vampire myth  of  supernatural powers. 

a—Hk- 

52 



9  
12th-Planet Hominoids 

There iss lifee  on the  12th  Planet,  the  giantt  comet that  causes the  periodic 
polee  shifts. The primary race iss  a  hominoid race, who to  thiss  dayy  dress inn  
attire reminiscent of  Roman soldiers. The males find  this  to  be  comfortable 
attire that  has  a a macho image.  There have been many excellent books written 
on these subjects, and  alll  hold a  grainn  of  truth.  One of  the  legacies  leftt  on 
Earth byy  the  hominoid visitors from the  12th  Planet iss  radioactivity from 
their  nuclear warfare. Yes,  theyy  had the  bomb, and  used itt..  In  attempts to  
nuke each other into  compliance, theyy  dropped numerous bombs, the  major- 
ityy  on the  Arabian Peninsula, with a  small number inn  India and  a  scattering 
across the  African Continent. These bombs were in  the  main not as  largee  as  
the  ones built  during the  Cold War,  but  were more deadly  as thee  radioactivity 
lingered and  poisoned the  ground, making itt  utterlyy  uninhabitable—for 
millennia. 

As  the  largest  and  strongest hominoid race on Earth att  the  time,,  the  
giantt  hominoids from the  12th  Planet were understandably arrogant about thee  
effects their  genetics had  on the  humans theyy  bred with. There were two 
lines  of  hominoids leftt  to  run the  mining operations between passages of  the  
12th  Planet—royalty and  soldiers. The royalty  interbred with each other,,  
retaining the  purityy  of  their  genetics,  as  without this  purityy  their linee  would 
be  forced to  died  out upon return to  their  home planet..  The soldiers had 
lower-class women from the  12th  Planet available to  them as  sexual consorts 

53 



Zetatalk 

butt  often chose to  create and  maintain harems of  human sex slaves of  alll  ages 

and  from both  sexes. Most often  thee  offspring died  during  childbirth, due  to  

thee  largee  size  of  the  infants, but  those who lived  carried genetics from thee  

father,,  which gave risee  to  thee  legend  that  these hominoids created the  human 

race, which iss  simply  not true. 

Pyramids discovered around the  world buried under drifting  sand or 
vegetative overgrowth have a  similarity inn  appearance, and  this  iss  not  by  
accident. They  were made byy  the  same group, and  forr  similar purposes. The  
giantt  hominoids from the  12th  Planet wandered the  Earth and  leftt  their  
handiwork even inn  areas where no lore  of  their  presence remains. These 
hominoids are recorded inn  mythology inn  Europe, as  Greek Gods or the  
Visigoths, inn  Africa inn  the  memory of  thee  Dogon tribe,,  and  inn  Central and 
South America inn  the  Incan and  Mayan cities.  However, theyy  also  visited 
Australia and  the  Orient, though thee  onlyy  trace of  thiss  iss  inn  the  artifacts leftt  
behind. The pyramid shape  survives earthquakes and windstorms, and  thus  
was the  shape  of  choice. After the  passage, when polee  shifts  rearranged the  
landscape, the  pyramids lost  their  worth as astronomical devices, but  their  
durability keptt  them from disappearing from thee  landscape. Thus, theyy  are 
on occasion discovered, and  become yett  another piecee  of  the  puzzle  that  
mankind iss  grappling to  solve. 

Crystals 

Itt  iss  not your imagination that  makes you see tetrahedral shapes  on the  
Moon, and  the  faint  outline of  such on the  eroded surface of  Mars. Large  
crystals have been used inn  the  past  to  boost communications by  the  giantt  
hominoids from the  12th  Planet. The tetrahedral form simply provided the  
best,,  focused emission, when energy was applied  on alll  perimeter surfaces 
and converged inn  the  center. They  had  established a  communication post  on 
the  Moon, and  theyy  had  a  mining operation on Mars longg  before setting  up  on 
the  Earth. This was one of  the  things  noticed by  the  astonished astronauts 
when theyy  disembarked on the  Moon. This  subject  receives much press, and  
much speculation, as  the  rumors can be  supported by  faint  images inn  amateur 
telescooppeess.. 



12th-Planet Hominoids 

Mining on Mars 
Mars today  iss  a  dead planet,,  but  in  the  recent past  this  was not the  case. 

Some life-bearing planets have a  stronger footing  than others,  being  closer to  
thee  warmth of  a  sun, for  instance, and more particularly being  a  water planet  
like  the  Earth. Mars has  littllee  of  that  precious substance, and  was aa  life--  
bearing planet  onlyy  where the  freezing pointt  had  not trapped the  water. The 
atmosphere surrounding a  water planett  can rebuild quickly, particularly inn  the  
components that  support life..  On a  dryy  planett  the  atmosphere iss  fragile,,  and  
each  rebuilding takes away more of  thee  precious water. Inn  the  past,  Mars 
sustained lifee  to  a  level not unlike our home inn  Zeta Reticuli—moss and  
insects and worms. On  such worlds there iss  not enough food inn  the  food 
chain to  support animals above that  level,,  and  setbacks occur repeatedly. A  
bug-eating reptillee  might gett  itss  start,,  onlyy  to  diee  off  during  lean  times, time 
and again..  Thus such planets plateau.  

Mars met itss  demise as a  result of  visitors from the  12th Planet who set  
up  mining operations on Mars inn  preference to  Earth where largee  carnivorous 
mammals roamed about inn  great  numbers. The 12th  Planet has  no such 
carnivores on land,,  and  as largee  and  muscular as  these giantt  hominoid 
visitors are,  theyy  quaked at  the  thought. Where the  atmosphere on Mars was 
thin,,  itt  was ample, so the  visitors set  about usingg  what water resources theyy  
could muster to  wash thee  ore theyy  were after.  In  so doing  theyy  sought to  
control the  runoff on the  relatively flatt  surface of  Mars, and  did  so inn aa 
thoughtless manner byy  directing wastewater down aa  culvert. Thus precious 
water increasingly was sent underground, and  a  chain of  events was set  inn  
motion that  could not  be  reversed. The surface of  Mars cooled as the  atmo- 
sphere  thinned, and the  freezing surface accelerated this  process. 

Soon the  atmosphere was too thin  to  breathe, and  as  thee  12th-Planet 
hominoids are used to  a  perpetual summer, theyy  were not alll  that  reluctant to  
leave a  freezing planet..  Earth now looked more promising, especially as  theyy  
had  littlee  alternative. They  devised ways of  dealing with the  carnivores, 
specifically buffering themselves with human slaves trained inn  defense. 
Eventually, after  being  quarantined from Earth,  theyy  learned how to  create 
and  maintain their  own atmosphere inn  airtightt  chambers, and  thus  able  to  be  
relocated, theyy  have continued their  mining operations within your solar 
system, on thiss  spott  or thatt,,  and  are here stilll..  

55 



ZetaTtalk 

Great Pyramids 

Humans ponder  thee  pyramids of  Egypt  and  similar structures inn  South 

and  Central America, and  wonder how earllyy  man could risee  or move such  

largee  stones? Of  course, theyy  could not.  Even today  the  mechanics would be  

imposing to  thee  pointt  of  being  impossible. The answer iss,,  of  course, thaatt  

earlyy  man didd  not build these structures. The heads on Easter Island were 

established byy  thee  same mechanism and  individuals who built  the  pyramids. 

The hominoids from the  12th  Planet gave The Call  to  various service-to-self 

aliens at  thee  time,  and due  to  the  resulting alliances with these aliens had the  
abilityy  to  levitate objects  at  times. They  paidd  aa  pricee  forr  these services, and  
are stilll  working their  way out  of  that.  Many of  their  number developed 
strong service-to-self orientations during  thiss  time,  and  have influenced their  
culture severely and inn  a  long-term manner. 

The Great Pyramids were built essentially as navigational devices. 
Why was itt  necessary to  build such largee  structures as  interstellar naviga- 
tional guides? Because, inn  the  locale,  any  astronomical device would be  
subject to  shifting  sands. Whereas the  residents of  the  12th Planet had great  
longevity, theyy  did  not lastt  on Earth from one appearance of  the  12th Planet 
to  another. Several generations would pass, the  knowledge of  how to  read 
the  stars and  what the  12th-Planet kingship expected of  them passed from 
parent to  child. Conscientious parents, agingg  and  sure to  die  before their 
progeny could return to  the  home planet  where theyy  had  royalty status, built a  
navigational system that  was rock solid  and  sure—the Giant Pyramids. 

The Great Pyramids, byy  their great  size  and  weight, ensured stability..  
All  thiss  justt  to  sighhtt  an incoming comet, which makes itss  appearance on a  
regular basis and  can be  seen weeks, iff  not months, beforehand? The Great 
Pyramids were not used solelyy  forr  sighting an incoming object,,  as  their  
primary purpose was to  act  as  a  guidance system for  thee  launches thee  exiled 
12th-Planet residents would make to  meet their  home planet.  This required 
precision, as  their rockets were no more sophisticated than  those used to  
boost man into  space today,  and  once inn  space theyy  simply coasted until 
drawn into  the  gravitational orbit  of  the  water planet  theyy  owed their  alle-  
giance to. 



12th-Planet Hominoids 

Itt  iss  known that  a  hidden chamber exists inn  one of  the  Great Pyramids, 
accessible onlyy  via  a  tunnel so narrow that  itt  might  be  traveled byy  a  rat,,  yett  
so straight  and longg  that  itt  could onlyy  have been used ffoorr  ssiigghhttiinngg..  TThhee  
chamber liess  empty now, a  center platform formed like  a  shallow basin 
without whatever object  was intended. Itt  iss  hypothesized that  there iss  a  back 
door to  thiss  room, as  of  yett  not located, whereby an occupant or objectt  could 
escape. This hypothesis has  thee  room acting  as  a  tomb or inn  the  worst case 
scenario as  an isolation chamber, or iff  not forr  aa  human or alien  occupant, 
then  holding a  massive crystal.  None of  these are true,  as  the  room has  no 
other entry  and  was never intended to  hold a  solid  object..  The occupant was 
a  liquid,,  pooled inn  the  shallow basin and  reflecting lighhtt  outward onlyy  when 
lighhtt  shown down the  longg  tunnel at  that  particular angle—the lighhtt  from the  
approaching 12th Planet. Various other sighting tunnels, as  yett  undiscovered, 
caught  the  reflected light..  The liquid,,  of  course, evaporated over time,  
leaving onlyy  the  puzzle  behind. 

Sphinx 

The Sphinx iss  an example of  a  fancyy  burial chamber, a a mausoleum of  
sorts,  built  byy  visitors from the  12th  Planet who were into  the  sport  of  lion  
hunting. The grave was intended forr  a  largee  and  powerful male who stood 
talll  inn  the  circle of  hunters, and  alll  feltt  having  his  grave guarded byy  one of  his  
conquests a  suitable statement on hiss  abilities and  might.  As  iss  often the  case 
in  the  affairs of  man, these planss  went awry, as he  was slaughtered byy  a rival  
and went unburied altogether, his  body  rotting  under the  sun, eaten byy  lions,,  
no doubt. 

The God Myth 

Humans quitee  naturally tend to  think of  their  relationship to  a  godd  inn  
child-to-parent terms, an outgrowth not  onlyy  from their  impressionable earlyy  
years but  also  from their  general  sense of  hopelessness inn  being  able  to  
control their  environment. For a  godd  concept to  emerge, there must also  be  a  
sense of  helplessness on the  partt  of  thee  supplicant, a  sense that  theyy  are 
ppoowweerrlleessss  ttoo  aaffffeecctt  the  outcome except by  offering bribes or scapegoats. In  
thiss  regard,,  thee  gianntt  hominoid visitors from thee  12th  Planet worked their  
way into  many godd  myths, as  theyy  were exacting inn  their  demands forr  
obedience from their  slaves,  and  as  hominoids theyy  were easillyy  seen as  

extensions of  a  parent. 

5/7 



Zetatalk 

Itt  iss  not byy  accident thatt  thee  hominoid inhabitants of  the  12th  Planet 

look  and  dress likee  Greek Gods, thee  Gods of  Mount Olympus, as  theyy  are one 

and  the  same. Mythological stories about thunderbolts being  thrown and  

travel through the  clouds were based on the  technological feats  of  these third- 

density  visitors from the  12th  Planet, who had  mastered thee  modern-day 

equivalent of  lasers and  who were able  to  transport an individual viaa  a  rocket 

booster strapped on the  back. To  the  primitive humans, who came barelyy  to  

thee  waists of  the  strapping, handsome giants,,  theyy  were gods..  The Greek 

Gods are reported to  be  jealous  and  wrathful on the  one hand,  and  kindly  and  
mentoring on the  other—a bitt  likee  people. Of  course, theyy  were no gods,,  any 
more than the  humans of  today,,  but  their  very human exploits are stilll  
reported with awe. 

The legends among many human cultures regarding the  exploits  of  the  
giantt  hominoids from the  12th Planet are inn  no small partt  due  to  the  rigidd  
rules these visitors had regarding interbreeding with the  humans theyy  used  as  
virtual slaves. Kept  apart  from humans inn  thiss  manner, theyy  retained their 
edge,,  as  theyy  were byy  farr  the  largest,  the  most technologically advanced, and  
thee  smartest hominoid race around. Humans were, at  the  time,  evolving from 
the  caveman stage,  with onlyy  an occasional genius born inn  the  purely  human 
strains. During the  evolution of  any third-density species, intelligence iss  
gradually increased due  to  genetic  selection, the  smarter individuals passing 
on their  genetics due  to  their  abilityy  to  evade danger and  manipulate circum- 
stances around them. Thus,  the  discrepancies between humans and the  
visitors from thee  12th Planet were many and significant. 

Ancient Egyptian gods,,  ancient Babylonian gods,  the  Vizigoths of  
Germany, ancient Mayan and  Incan gods,,  are almost to  a  one particular 
individuals from the  12th-Planet royalty,  stationed on Earth to  supervise 
mining operations. Stories about ancient rebels,  notable for  their  stature and  
courage inn  battle,  are also  frequently based inn  partt  on the  heritage from these 
visitors,  as  the  rebel  most often carried some genetics from the  rape of  a  
female slave who managed somehow to  escape and  bear her  oversized infant 
alive. The legacy  today  iss  genetically dispersed throughout the  mid-eastern 
countries, Germanic countries, and  the  south seas, and  iss  identifiable inn  those 
humans who simultaneously possess a  largee  stature, a  fierce temper, and  
strong musculature. Rather than beingg  considered gods,  theyy  are often 
considered criminals. 

=iH  
58 



Our home planet  iss  in  the  star  system that  you term Zeta Reticuli. Since 
the  Betty  and  Barney Hill  episode, when we were closely and  correctly 
associated with the  Zeta Reticuli star  system, thee  citizens of  the  United States 
and  the  media and  ufologists have called us  Zetas. To  you, therefore, we are 
the  Zetas. We,  of  course, have our own names forr  things..  Zeta Reticuli iss  
indeed a  binary  star  system, or at  least  that  partt  of  itt  you, on Earth,  are aware 
of..  In  factt,,  there  iss  much more to  thee  star  system than you are aware of..  The 
binaryy  stars circle  each other on an extreme end  of  Zeta  Reticuli, lesss  than 
one third  into  the  star  system itself.  The other two thirds  are composed of  
stars not visible to  you. 

59 



Zetatalk 

What we are tellingg  you iss  that  thee  planet  we originate from iss  not 

known to  you, as  itt  iss  partt  of  thee  2/33  mass of  the  star  system not known to  

you.  Do you think  our eyes gott  so largee  because our sun was bright? Itt  has  

been rumored that  our planett  iss  dying,  and  thatt  thiss  iss  thee  reason we are 

seeking geneticc  rebirth  on your planet,  Earth. In  factt,,  our planett  iss  long  dead, 

and  we Zetas have been livingg  by  artificial means forr  eons. We learned to  

livee  inn  cavities within planets,  and  byy  artificial lighhtt..  

Early Zeta 

Where Earlyy  Man was a  hybrid of  various ape  or monkey forms and 
existing hominoid forms, Earlyy  Zeta was not a  hybrid  at  alll,,  but  a  transplant. 
The worlds we were placed  upon had  not sustained a  life-form complex 
enough to  be  considered a  base for  intelligence. The gap was too great.  
Early  Zeta therefore was placed, fulll  grown and  conscious, on Zeta worlds. 
Like the  transplants who are coexisting with  humans now on Earth, Early  
Zeta was aware of  the  purpose of  the  transfer. Thus transplanted, Earlyy  Zeta 
multiplied to  the  extent our worlds could support a  population, much as  
humans have upon the  Earth. 

Early  Zeta differed from our present form primarily inn  brain size  and 
mental capacities. Early  Zeta was also  stockier, shorter, had largee  flatt  feet  
and  inn  appearance was something of  a  low brow,  with the  head jutting  out the  
back rather than rounding. Our largee  eyes were an adaptation to  our worlds, 
dim  byy  your standards, so Early  Zeta was a  bitt  blind on hiss  new home, not a  
problem as  the  onlyy  danger  Early  Zeta faced was from others of  his  kind. 
Our worlds do  not contain carnivorous, nor even herbivorous animals—just 
plants  and  bugs..  

The Zetas 

Our race iss  not dying.  We,  thee  Zetas,  have been incarnating and  repro- 
ducing for  almost 8.55  times the  length  of  time that  intelligent humans have 
been doing  so,  and there iss  no end  inn  sightt..  The Zetas are accused of  having 
a  group mind, seemingly operating like  insects, by  rote,  and  without indi-  
viduality. Where did  these assumptions come from? Firstt,,  we reproduce by  
cloning, so our appearance can be  remarkably similar. Second, our mode of  
communicating iss  telepathic, over the  heads of  humans who forr  the  most part  
sense no conversation going  on at  all..  Third,  there iss  a  lack  of  argument and  

60 



Zetas 

indecision that  humans see inn  us when we are at  work attending to  our 
contactees, as we have alll  agreed ahead of  time on how to  handle issues that  
might  arise. Humans who see us having a  group mind are drawing these 
conclusions on scanty data.  

The Zetas are numerous inn  form. The forms result from the  various 
planets we have spread to  during  thee  lifee  of  our form. Each planet  playss  
upon the  genetic structure, encouraging certain genetics to  emerge and  
demonstrate their  superiority inn  survival and longevity. Thus,  the  life-form 
gradually adapts  to  the  environment itt  finds itself  in..  Counts would differ,,  
but  for  the  sake of  this  discourse, we will  say  that the  number of  variations 
that  would be  visibly noticeable to  humans iss  127.  

Meals 

We no longer eat,,  having genetically engineered ourselves inn  such a  
way that  the  digestive tract went out with the  bath water. We nourish our- 
selves through our skin,  through a  chemical bath we prepare inn  the  laboratory 
and completely emerge ourselves in..  Unlike some of  the  bad  press that  has  
been thrown our way, we do  not require enzymes from livingg  creatures inn  
order to  live.  Does anyone think that  entities as advanced as we would 
require that  inn  order to  live?  We can livee  inn  space, on a  dead planet,,  or 
anywhere. The chemicals needed forr  lifee  are easilyy  manufactured byy  an 
advanced species such as  ourselves. Where we have mouths, our digestive 
tract iss  not complete. We avoid putting anything inn  our mouths, as like  your 
appendix, anything putt  inn  can onlyy  cause problems. 

Emotions 

We are clearlyy  more intelligent than the  humans we are responding to,,  
but  beyond thiss  IQ  difference we are also  brooking no nonsense inn  our 
replies,,  and  thus the  interpretation byy  some humans thatt  our responses are 
unemotional. Sentimentality has  itss  placee  inn  developing bonds, but  thiss  iss  not 
our primary intent during  these discourses. Our bonding activities are 
engaged inn  one-to-one with  our human contactees, who have givenn  The  Call  

to  us due  to  the  nature of  their  calll  beingg  oriented toward service-to-others. Itt  
iss  here  thatt  we bond and  deal  with  emotions on our partt  or on thee  partt  of  thee  
contactee. Our primary purpose within ZetaTalk iss  too  establish truth  on many 
matters often deliberately confused byy  those inn  what we term the  establish- 

6]1 



Zetatalk 

ment inn  human society.  We do  thiss  so  thatt  humans might  arrive at  their  own 

conclusions, armed with thee  facts  and  insights  theyy  are not otherwise allowedd  

to  arrive att  due  to  lack  of  information or distorted or  untruthful information 

from the  establishment. We are not ruthless, unless those who do  not  wish 

the  facts  lined up  impeccably are complaining about the  lackk  of  wiggle room 

theyy  are given..  

Names 

Aliens, who communicate telepathically, have no need for  names that  
can be  communicated inn  written symbols. This  iss  because a  telepathic 
communication iss  rich,,  and  conveys thee  group the  alien iss  associated with,  
intent,,  age  and  physical  makeup, and  any  other nuance the  other party  inn  the  
conversation may be  interested in..  A  name iss  simply  unnecessary inn  service- 
to-others alien groups. Human society finds  names necessary because of  the  
lack  of  telepathy. Thus aliens are assigned names based on their  constella- 
tion  of  originn  or  their  appearance—Zeta, Pleiadean, Nordic, or Dino. 

Schools 

The young Zetas find  themselves inn  a  smorgasbord of  stimulation, 
surrounded byy  toys  and  games that  allow their curious minds to  fullyy  explore 
physics, chemistry, biology, and  the  social studies. Unlike human schools forr  
their  youngsters, where physics and  chemistry experimentation iss  limited to  
lab  time or simplistic at-home experiments, thee  Zeta youngster iss  not limited 
to  time slots  or scope, nor do  we require the  youngsters to  be  a  certain age  or  
grade  before theyy  have an opportunity. Don’t theyy  blow themselves up??  
Precautions are taken inn  the  way these lessons are structured, so that  the  
necessary knowledge iss  inn  placee  before next steps  can be  taken. The lessons 
have checkpoints, so,  forr  example, the  youngster cannot jusstt  reach for  the  
vial  of  acid and  taste. 

Social interaction iss  not  structured, as  itt  iss  to  some degree inn  human 
society where human youngsters are selected byy  the  teacheerr  to  assume roles. 
Johnny getss  to  organize the  field  tripp  because the  teacher likes  his  engaging 
smile. Zeta  youngsters are counseled when theyy  are having difficulty, and 
given  assistance, when inn  need,  to  a  degree  that  would astonish humans, but  
the  roles  theyy  assume inn  playy  are self-chosen, and  when theyy  succeed at  these 
roles itt  iss  based on honest interaction between thee  youngsters. In  Zeta 

62 



Zetas 

society,  the  equivalent of  thee  dullard son of  the  boss assuming command of  
the  company or the  ineptt  daughter of  the  PTA head getting  the  lead  inn  the  
playy  does not exist. We do  not use platitudes or hypocrisy to  develop our 
youngsters, but  deal with the  truth,,  teaching our youngsters, byy  example, to  
do  thiss  also  from the  earliest age.  

Entertainment 

In  human society,  much history  iss  recorded inn  written form,  although 
with the  advent of  the  electronic age,  much iss  also  recorded on video or audio 
tape.  Do alien life-forms, such as ourselves, have an equivalent? We do  
indeed, but  we have no need to  relyy  on a  written word as humans do.  We are 
telepathic, so often the  performing artist iss  soundless but  nevertheless relays  
the  composition perfectly. As  forr  recording the  great  thoughts of  the  past,  or 
works of  art,,  the  written word iss  considered cumbersome and  inadequate. 
We use holographic forms, where alll  but  telepathic thought iss  transmitted. Inn  
these cases, the  intent of  the  author or artist iss  relayed  through other means, 
such as symbolic motion or recreating the  situation described, much as 
humans enjoyy  when going  to  the  movie theater. 

We,  the  Zetas, have the  same range of  activities that  humans do..  Why 
would we not?  It’ss  true we don’t go  out to  eat  as much, and  with our muted 
sexuality we don’t look forward to  getting  laid..  But where you look forward 
to  occasionally getting  into  a  hot  tub,,  our refreshment baths are aa  bigg  deal.  
The spas are lush  with plants,,  and  music that  vibrates through thee  water and  
walls iss  played.  It’ss  a  total  body  experiencé. 

We have more games than you, a  thousandfold more, and  a  hundred 
times more intricate. Our games are played  with holographs, which are 
generated by  computer under control of  our minds. The best  are likee  chess,  
where many players  engage inn  strategies, or several teams playy  against  each 
other. What iss  the  goall  of  these games? The same as your games. Where the  
game involves mental concentration, the  goall  iiss  to  improve upon and  practice 
strategic  planning. Where the  game involves cooperation among players,  the  
goall  iss  to  improve social skills and  cooperation. Where the  game involves 
close timing  and  precision from the  team, thee  goall  iss  to  gainn  skill  at  delega- 
tion  and  rapidd  handoffs. Watch children intent at  play..  Are theyy  nnoott  pprreeppaarr--  
ingg  forr  life?  

63 



Zetatalk 

Triads 

Out  and  about inn  the  universe, higherr  entities findd  themselves inn  situa- 

tions  that  are totalllyy  unfamiliar and  unexpected. There are no procedures or 

even general  policies  that  can apply..  What occurs where a  difference of  

opinion arises? Beyond social interactions inn  strange social settings,  strange 

physical  settings are also  encountered. Triads givee  us a  means of  quickly  

making decisions during  our travels. The tiee  iss  broken. Either alll  agree or  

two of  the  three agree or  two of  the  three disagree with the  third. The issue  iss  
instantly settled. 

Religion 

Our religion  iss  more an understanding of  the  universe. We are emotion- 
alllyy  connected to  the  universe. We are within the  One. We have kinship with 
one another as parts  of  the  One. We have reverence for  the  universe and itss  
workings, as  a  thingg  of  beauty,  which we wish to  understand. Our religion  iss  
not like  the  major religions of  the  Earth, which deifyy  entities human in  
appearance. These religions, where the  message given  to  humans was to  
draw them to  the  lightt,,  have been corrupted over time byy  the  forces of  
darkness. These religions now preach  against knowledge, against self-  
initiative, against  free  thought. They  restrain with rules which assist onlyy  
those who wish to  rule.  Where human religions, however well-founded, have 
invariably been twisted by  the  service-to-self crowd until  theyy  have lost  alll  
semblance of  the  original intent,  our faith  iss  not so  affected. The pure adage  

toto  love  thyy  neighbor as  thyself  stands as  the  rule  by  which we guide  our- 
selves,  and  there are no thou shalt  not’s included. 

Hotoh 

64 



111  
Hybrid Program 

Our genetic  engineering mission iss  not the  firstt  such mission on Earth. 
There have been dozens of  such missions, each of  which has  taken placee  over 
many stages, with some of  these stages having  millennia between them. The 
hybrid  program that  we, thee  Zetas,  are involved with  iss  not underway 
throughout thee  world but  iss  centered inn  the  U.S. The reasons forr  this  are 
territorial matters that  are addressed byy  thee  Council of  Worlds, where the  
various endeavors underway on Earth are laidd  out  and agreements among the  
alien  groups as  to  how humans will  be  affected are administered. The 
hybrids beingg  developed, which encompass the  best  qualities  of  both humans 
and  Zetas,,  will  in  the  future be  the  incarnation home forr  service-to-others 
entities from throughout the  world as  well  as  North America. However, 
North America holds,  as the  melting pott  of  thee  world, genetic material from 
alll  the  Earth,  and  thus suffices. 

65 



Zetatalk 

Zetan genetics  are being  used because thee  intelligence of  humans 

cannot be  more than doubled usingg  onlyy  thee  current human genetic  structure. 

The  best  that  could be  accomplished iss  a  human at  thee  genius  levell,,  and  what 

we seek,,  what we are required to  attain,  iss  so very much higher..  Telepathy, 

something your  species  can barelyy  support, iss  another issue.  Genetic engii--  

neering does not make something from nothing. Itt  alterss  what alreadyy  exissttss  

or inserts something already  inn  existence. A  thirdd  important issue iss  the  level  

of  violence inn  your human species..  Blind rage iss  firmly  rooted inn  your 

geneticc  heritage. To  carve thiss  out  would leave too littlee  remaining. This 

must be  counteracted where itt  iss  found,  inn  alll  thee  reaches of  thee  brain,  rather 

than simply  rooted out.  The Zetan genetics are the  counteractant. 

Those who will  be  continuing to  incarnate on Earth are being  polled,  
continuously, and voting  willingly, as to  their desires. As  the  genetic  engi--  
neers, we are responsible forr  ensuring thatt  thee  specifications forr  a  fourth- 
densityy  incarnation experience inn  thee  service-to-others orientation are met. 
We would not,  for  instance, bringg  forward violent tendencies, even iff  the  
humans voting  were to  indicate a  desire forr  this.  Likewise, even iff  humans 
voting  were to  indicate that  theyy  did  not desire a  higher  intellect, this  human 
vote would be  negated byy  the  overriding specification. Wanting to  be  partt  of  
thee  process, many humans imagine themselves to  be  an alien/human hybrid.  
As  none of  our hybrids are currently livingg  inn  third  density  on Earth, these 
people are alll  simply publicity seekers. 

Family Line 

The hybrid  program runs along  family  lines.  When combining genes 
from a  human with Zeta Reticulan genes, there iss  some unfortunate losss,,  but  
thiss  loss  iss  recaptured inn  subsequent efforts. This iss  not unlike a  braid,  where 
the  strands are woven back inn  and  the  braid becomes stronger than loose hair  
or twine. Another way of  thinking about thiss  iss  to  say  thatt  the  firstt  effort iss  
rough-hewn, and subsequent efforts fillll  inn  the  chinks. We have the  capacity 
to  go  back inn  time to  capture genetics,,  iff  we require. 

While visitations have been going  on forr  eons, itt  iss  onlyy  in  the  pastt  few 
decades that  the  pace has  been dramatically stepped up.  The hybrid  program, 
started inn  concept justt  after the  turn of  the  century and  put  into  fulll  force onlyy  
during  the  later  half  of  this  century, has  onlyy  recently been part  of  the  pro- 
gram. Collecting genetic  contributions—sperm and  ova—began with a  few  

66 



Hybrid Program 

select individuals earlyy  inn  thiss  century, and  based on what we learned about 
compatibility and desirable genetic traits,,  we started the  program inn  earnest. 
Prebirth agreements on participation inn  the  hybrid  program were made so that  
humans from the  1930s on would be  available to  the  hybrid program. We 
also were able  to  include those already incarnated who gave The Call,,  but  
tthheessee  were few  iinn  proportion to  the  need. Therefore, as the  hybrid program 
began in  earnest around 1950, among participants inn  the  teens or twenties, 
the  participants are now either youths, young adults, or middle aged—but are 
not elderly.  

Father donors are examined as  to  their health regularly, and undergo 
sperm extraction at  a  time when thee  donor mother’s ova iss  ready..  Unlike the  
usual male sperm donation inn  human society,  where the  male iss  presumed to  
have selected hiss  bed  mate and  the  time and  placee  of  a  sexual encounter as 
well,,  donor fathers inn  the  hybrid  program chose neither the  mate or the  time 
or place..  To  add  to  this  insult,  theyy  are inn  the  passive position when giving  
the  donation. A  cup iss  placed over their  genitals, and  the  sexual response iss  
generated through mental influences solely..  There iss  no physical stimulation, 
and  thus  little  pleasure. Where donor fathers are as willing to  participate as 
the  donor mothers, when back inn  human society  thiss  iss  not the  kind of  
experience that  gets  loud discussion inn  the  locker room. Thus, not much iss  
heard about thee  donor father’s experiences. 

Extinction 

Full-blood Zetas willl  continue inn  other parts  of  the  universe. One 
should also  not assume that  full-blood humans will  diee  out  entirely  either. 
This almost never occurs during  species transitions, especially when a a certain 
level  of  intellect iss  attained. There may be  service-to-others groups on Earth 
composed entirely of  humans that  continue, isolated and  content with their  
levell  of  intellect, for  instance. There will  be  service-to-self entities, taken 
before their  human form iss  terminated, who will  be  human on other planets.  
This occurs frequently inn  thee  service-to-self orientation, as surviving infants 
are hard  to  come by  inn  thiss  orientation. Nurturing iss  rare. Thus,  those 
choosing thiss  orientation often are required to  keep  their current incarnation. 
Given thee  population explosion, why  wouldn’t thee  human rraaccee  bbee  bbaacckk  iinn  

business inn  a  hurryy  after  thee  cataclysms? There are three reasons: 

67 



ZetatTalk 

1..  AA highh  mortality rate,,  where babies won’t survive, and  thee  birth  rate willl  

be  lesss  than zero. So  farr  lesss,,  that  thee  replacement willl  be  almost nill..  

Combine thiss  with  the  dropping fertilityy  of  thee  potential parents, and  thiss  

willl  be  devastating. Even though  you may have many potential parents 

among thee  survivors, after  25  years of  a  nuclear winter, worldwide, most 

of  these parents will  be  pastt  the  pointt  of  fertilityy,,  or  at  least  the  mothers 

willl  be..  Robust fertilityy,,  and  infant viability,  will  come too late..  This iss  

the  situation after  every polee  shift.  

2..  A  movement of  the  service-to-others toward livingg  with or near thee  high--  
tech  centers of  the  hybrids, where intermarriage will  occur. With high-  
tech  food production and  medical treatment, babies do  survive. In  addi- 
tion,,  iff  the  parents of  humans givee  The Caill  for  their youngsters to  be  born 
with greater intelligence, genetic  material will  be  available at  the  point  of  
conception, justt  as itt  iss  today  inn  some cases. There are humans being  born 
today  with Zetan genetic material, who are partt  Zetan, and  theyy  appear and 
act  quitee  human. Just  so,  inn  the  future,  the  genetic  makeup of  the  human 
race will  migrate inn  thiss  direction. This has  happened in  the  past,,  and  this  
iss  why  you are not,,  as  you say,  swinging from the  trees! 

3..  A  tendency of  the  service-to-self entities to  eradicate themselves, and  each 
other,,  especially as  the  controls will  be  missing which keep  in  check those 
so inclined. How longg  would the  violent and  unscrupulous population 
inside a  prison  live,,  iff  leftt  entirelyy  to  their  own inclinations? With increas- 
ingg  polarization of  the  orientations, the  service-to-self entities will  go  off  
on their  own, rummaging through the  wreckage and  living  off  what others 
have lost..  This kind of  existence works when there  iss  a  perpetual source 
of  goods  to  plunder, but  as  these types  do  not plann  or put  themselves out,  
theyy  will  find  themselves suddenly without. They  will  be  suddenly 
without clean water, any food at  alll,,  or the  wherewithal to  warm them- 
selves until  morning. They  die..  But what about the  mixed groups, who 
wwiillll  bbee  givenn  the  knowledge of  how to  feed  and cloth themselves from the  
service-to-others groups or  the  hybrid  communities. Will  theyy  not pulll  
through? Some will  raise  children, and  these children will  marry or  in  any 
case produce children, but  lifee  will  be  rough.  The point  we are making 
here,,  iss  that  theyy  will  not thrive. The service-to-others communities, and 
our hybrid  communities, will  be  thriving. As  incarnations are to  be  given  

68 



Hybrid Program 

to  those entities operating inn  the  service-to-others orientation, new chil-  
dren will  migrate to  the  thriving communities. This would happen any- 
way, as the  young go  where theyy  see opportunity. 

The Alternative 

Those humans who are not ready  to  leave third  density  when theyy  die  
will  not reincarnate on Earth, but  will  go  to  aa new world elsewhere inn  the  
universe. We are speaking here of  spiritual  readiness ttoo  leave tthhiirrdd  ddeennssiittyy,,  
that  the  spiritss  incarnating inn  these humans have not made their  determination 
whether to  be  service-to-self or service-to-others. This iss  not an intellectual 
choice but  rather an emotional choice, and  one followed by  actions demon- 
strating that  the  choice iss  solid and unwavering. What will  thiss  new world be  
like? 

Itt  iss  a a water world, with scarcely a  rock or two jutting  above the  surface 
of  the  endless waves. The species  on thiss  planett  have alll  evolved from life--  
forms that  spend  their entire lifee  inn  the  water. Thus,  no mammals exist on 
this  planet,,  since a  stint  on land,,  such  as occurred inn  the  past  forr  your whales 
and  dolphins, was not possible during  their evolutionary past..  This world has  
been a  home to  incarnating entities for  a  longg  time,  through several transfor- 
mations where those readyy  forr  fourth-density existence were harvested, 
leaving  those undecided behind. This world has  received transplants from 
other worlds frequently, so there iss  a  broad spectrum of  past  experiences inn  
the  memories of  those incarnating there. Humans reincarnating there will  
find  theyy  quickly adjust  to  livingg  on a  water world, having  tentacles instead 
of  hands, and  tending thee  occasional batch of  eggs. 

This planet  iss  carbon based and  thus  has  life-forms thatt  have compatible 
DNA to  life-forms that  have evolved on Earth. Thus,  those entities incarnat- 
ingg  on Earth inn  the  future will  be  able  to  visit  this  world during  their  travels 
as  fourth-density entities,  actingg  as  alien  visitors to  thiss  world. Due to  their  
common history,  thiss  setup iss  inn  fact  ideal,,  as instant empathy would be  inn  
place  when The Call  iss  given..  Humans today  receive visitations from fourth 
density  or higher  entities incarnated as  water life-forms—an octopus, fishh,,  or 
jellyy  fish..  Visitors adapt  to  the  planett  being  visited,  and  thus  these visitors 
from water worlds remain inn  water tanks during  thee  visit..  In  the  future,  visits  

from Earth to  thiss  new water home willl  requiree  the  hominoid visitors to  
likewise make the  accommodations, byy  wearing protective suitss  and  bubble 
helmets forr  breathing. 

69 



Zetatalk 

Transplanted entities frequently have vague longings forr  the  world leftt  

behind. This  iss  particularly true when the  circumstances require  the  entityy  to  

livee  inn  a  radically different life-form than  thee  former life-form, oorr  where tthhee  

world presents an environment that  iss  strange. Former humans incarnating inn  
the  future on a  water world might find  themselves with strange longings 
while drifting  around peaks  and  valleys  on the  ocean floor,,  a  feeling  of  dejaa  
vu. Transplanted entities experiencing strong homesickness are sometimes 
transplanted back to  their original  home when graduating into  fourth density.  
For  former humans transplanted to  a  water world during  the  Earth’s transfor- 
mation to  fourth-density service-to-others, going  back home iss  a  real  possi-  
bilityy..  If  theyy  have chosen the  service-to-others orientation, itt  would be  a  
simple  request quickly honored. 

70 



12  
Hybrid Form 

4Zeta Genes 

Donor Egz 

® Ancesto 
cones qo @ 

5 Zygote 
Donor Sperm 

Zeta Hybrid 

The hybrid  form iss  neither human nor Zetan. The upgrading of  the  
human race will  provide a  hominoid with  our intelligence and  telepathic 
abilities as well as  the  genetic  adaptation that  humans have to  the  Planet 
Earth. Certain human problems are being  screened out—the tendency to  
become obese and  the  abilityy  to  become enraged beyond alll  thought of  the  
consequences. 

IQQ  

The hybrid  [IQ  will  be  equivalent to  the  current Zeta IQ..  A  true 50/50 would 
have resulted inn  an IQ  increase to  a  pointt  much below the  target  IQ..  
Curiosity and  creativity have also  been increased, as  these are factors of  
intelligence. Our IQQ  iss  higher  than yours, and  also  different. Numbers 
alone do  not describe the  situation. Where your mind carries on dozens of  
thoughts simultaneously, ours carry on thousands. Should we Zetas take 
one of  your IQQ  tests,  which measure onlyy  speed  and  accuracy, we would 
measure around 287 IQQ  points..  

Memory 

Where thee  human animal has  many memory levels—short term, longg  term,  
subconscious, conscious, and  others unknown and  thus  not labeled bbyy  
humans—the target  hybrid  has  a  cohesive memory, much likee  thee  Zetas. 

7]) 

¥ 



Zetatalk 

Introspection has  been increased, as  thee  tiee  between the  conscious and  

subconscious has  been strengthened. Itt  will  not be  so  easy to  discount 

occurrences inn  thee  future,  selectively forgetting them. 

Longevity 

The  hybrids  will  share thee  longg  lifee  of  their  Zetan contributors. Our lifee  span 

iss  much longer  than humans, and  thee  lifee  span of  the  hybrid  race we are 

genetically engineering will  be  as  longg  as  thee  Zetas currently enjoy..  In  
your Earth years, this  iss  400 years. We experience debility for  onlyy  the  
last  50  years of  thiss  span. Inn  our culture we also  do  not rule  against 
suicide. Therefore, iff  any Zeta finds hiss  lifee  circumstances unbearable, he  
can end  hiss  lifee  inn  a  painless  manner without strife.  

Senses 

Sight  and  sound reception iss  closer to  what the  Zetas are capable of,,  vastly  
higher  ranges than  humans have ever experienced, due  to  our dim sun and  
relatively inhospitable planet..  Those who could not peek  through the  
gloom or  follow a  faint  sound simply  did  not survive to  reproduce. 

Appearance 

The hybrids have characteristics of  both contributors—the bald head of  the  
Zetas but  the  five-fingered hand of  the  human, the  largee  eyes of  the  Zetas 
but  the  eye  color range of  the  humans, the  talll  height  of  one variety  of  the  
Zetas but  the  supple spinee  and  expandable chest of  the  human. Breasts are 
small,  but  functional, a  highh  priority  goall  of  ours due  to  the  bonding that  
occurs during  nursing. Skin tone has  been improved to  where itt  iss  neither 
a  reddish blush nor aa  pallorr,,  and  as  we could not perfect  a  proper head of  
hairr,,  we went inn  the  other direction—hairless. Far  better bald then wwiitthh  aa  
strand here  or there. 

Sex 

The sex drive inn  the  hybrids remains as  varied as  itt  does inn  the  human 
animal. The genetic choices of  the  engineers invariably leaned toward the  
human contributors, as  the  current intensity  of  the  sexual bond experi--  
enced byy  humans was deemed compatible with a  service-to-others exist- 
ence. 

b7e2 



Hybrid Form 

Engineering Techniques 
Human participants inn  development of  a  hybrid species assume that  

their eggs and  sperm are taken so that  the  desired Zetan genes can be  mixed 
inn  during conception. Often female participants assume that  theyy  have been 
impregnated via  artificial insemination, when inn  fact  theyy  have had  the  fetus  
rreeiinnsseerrtteedd  ffoorr  aa  bbrriieeff  gestation period.  In  the  main,  mixing the  egg and  sperm 
iss  the  process, but  several steps  are involved. Prior to  combining the  male 
and  female strands, the  strands are examined forr  undesirable traits  such as  
inheritable diseases. Thus,  itt  iss  not simply thee  fastest swimming sperm that  
becomes daddy,  nor the  nearest and most available egg that  become mommy. 

After selecting the  human male and  female contribution, snipping and  
replacing occurs. In  thiss  process Zeta genetics routinely replace  certain 
human genetics—some human genes are routinely discarded, and  some Zeta 
genes not present at  alll  inn  humans are inserted. In  some cases genes from a  
human ancestor are used to  replace  the  human genes secured from the  male 
and female donors. Almost invariably these are taken from data  banks we 
maintain, but  on rare occasion we are allowed to  go  back inn  time to  secure a  
needed sample. This stepp  inserts and  accentuates a  desirable human trait.  
These engineering techniques are familiar to  the  Zetas. 

In  the  past  the  Zeta had  offspring inn  the  same sex-to-birth manner of  
humans, but  now we either clone our offspring or create a  blend of  genes inn  
the  test  tube.  Our genetics are no longer  as  rich  as  Homo sapiens genetics, so 
the  human donors are required inn  order to  create a  hybrid  with the  genetic  
adaptation that  humans have to  the  planett  Earth. 

Physiology 

The Zeta were selected forr  production of  a  hybrid  race with  humans inn  
partt  because our physiologies are similar. Our blood iss  also  hemoglobin 
based,  and  where a  chemist would find  alll  thee  many Zeta blood components 
differing from comparable human blood components inn  quantity  and  compo- 
sition,,  the  differences are not dramatic. Itt  iss  likewise with the  endocrine 
systems, which have comparable glands  and  functions. Here,  however, tthheerree  

iiss  oonnee  dramatic difference. The Zeta do  not sleep,,  though there are regular 
rest  periods  where activityy  essentially stops..  This  difference appeared inn  thee  
Zetas during  our third-density existence, when many of  our number were 
warlike. The  guard  who did  not sleepp  survived, and  thus  the  traitt  became 

73 



Zetatalk 

dominant. There are blood-chemistry differences inn  humans between the  

wakeful and  sleepp  states,  but  inn  thee  Zeta  these differences do  not appear. Our 

hybrids sleepp,,  as  we have found thee  physiology more resilient when able  to  

rest.  However, the  sleepp  requirements are much reduced, requiring perhaps 

1/55,,  rather than 1/33  of  thee  dayy,,  and  thee  onset of  sleeepp  deprivation does not  

occur with our hybrids,  who are able  to  bear through without sleepp  iff  need 

be..  

The physiological work assigned to  organs such as  the  kidney and  liver  
iiss  essentially the  same inn  both Zetas and  humans, but  how this  work iiss  

accomplished varies. Inn  humans the  kidneys work constantly, filtering waste, 
but  inn  the  Zeta theyy  click inn  onlyy  when certain blood chemicals risee  to  a  level  
requiring attention. Like the  heart,  which rests between beats,  the  Zeta 
kidneys rest  between Zeta meals. The reason for  this  pacing iss  the  more 
complete absorption of  nutrients inn  the  Zeta digestive tract, placing a  burden 
on the  kidneys which then require  a  rest period  inn  which to  recoup. Like- 
wise,  the  Zeta liver iss  aa  workhorse that  goes the  distance after meals and 
requires a  recuperative period.  

Zetas who overeat gett  more than overweight—they gett  sick.  Our 
thinness iss  not due  solelyy  to  genetic tendencies, we simply  do  not overeat. 
Do the  Zetas store fatt  as humans do?  Yes  and  no. We have thiss  capacity, but  
our physiology does not make use of  itt  ordinarily. Since we do  not digestt  
excess food without getting  sick,,  our bodies keep  alll  nutrition at  the  ready,,  as 
a  store to  be  used up  before the  next meal. No packing itt  away inn  fatt  cellss,,  
no saving  itt  forr  a  later  day..  Our hybrids have the  best  of  both  worlds. They  
are slender because their physiology uses, rather than stores, nutrition, and 
their appetites pace accordingly. But  should theyy  forr  any  reason decide to  
overeat, theyy  do  not suffer as  we, the  Zetas,  do..  

Itt  has  been noted thatt  where we have nostrils,  and  our breath,  acrid byy  
human standards, can be  feltt  when inn  close quarters, but  we don’t appear to  
be  breathing. The expansion of  human lungss  iss  visible, yet  our trunks seem 
firm and immobile. Do we have lungs?  We do  indeed, but  theyy  work 
asynchronously, rather than inn  unison, one expanding while the  other exhales >  

so the  motion iss  alll  internal. How did  thiss  come about,  that  springing from 
the  same base we developed different breathing patterns? The answer liess  inn  
our longg  lean  frame, which inn  the  trunk has  a  fused ribb  system with cartilage 
between the  ribs  forr  extra strength. During our genetic-engineering periods  

74 



Hybrid Form 

those Zetas who adapted to  a  longer,  more rigiidd  frame byy  an adjusted breath- 
ingg  cycle  survived to  pass along  their genetics. In  fact,,  our current frame 
onlyy  became possible because asynchronous breathing became possible. The 
genetic  engineers went with the  flow,  so to  speak..  Our hybrids, however, 
have unison breathing, but  in  a  pinch  could switch over to  asynchronous 
breathing—a latent capacity. 

Diet 

We currently refresh ourselves byy  submerging into  a  nutrient-rich bath 
of  clear gell..  The nutrients are created, as  you might  say,  inn  the  laboratory. 
They  are simply chemicals, developed from chemicals found anywhere inn  the  
universe. Where our current digestive system iss  rudimentary, having been 
eliminated inn  preference to  a  cleaner, quicker form of  nourishment intake via  
our nutrient baths,  the  genetics controlling digestion are a  factor to  be  
considered when merging genetics inn  the  hybrids. 

The human diet  iss  voluminous and  fibrous, reflecting the  diet  of  thee  
base apes that  formed the  human race, and inn  truth reflecting the  realityy  of  
vegetation on your planet  and  the  adaptation that  animals evolving on your 
planet  were forced to  deal  with. If  an animal iss  vegetarian, and most are,  
theyy  eat  continuously, defecate frequently, and  deal  with digestive gasses. 
Few animals become successful predators, an obvious factt,,  because iff  alll  
were predators there would soon be  nothing to  prey upon. So  humans have 
as their base an animal that  dailyy  eats masses of  fibrous vegetation. 

We Zetas,  on our world, had a  different diet.  Our world was not sunny 
and  bright,  and thee  vegetation thus  not as evolved. Mosses, bugs,,  algae,,  
crustaceans, and when we ate,,  almost nothing went to  waste. Iff  forced to  eat  
your diett  we would digestt  the  fiber,,  but  we would also  be  unable to  consume 
enough to  retrieve the  necessary nutrition. In  our hybrids we have attempted 
to  take  thee  best  of  both worlds. Humans, we feel  sure, would not objectt  to  
lesss  fartingg  and  burping. We have retained thee  more complete digestive 
capabilities of  the  Zetas,  while adjusting thiss  to  allow forr  the  types  of  foods 
your world offers. In  the  highly  civilized world of  thee  future,,  cultivation willl  
focus on those foods that  return the  highest  nutrition. Less eating,,  less  
elimination, virtually no digestive gasses, and  constipation will  not  be  a  
concern as  the  shape  of  the  bowel, being  a  singlee  straight  shoot,  lends itself  
to  guaranteed elimination. 

i7s5) 



Zetatalk 

Genetic Diseases 

Genetic diseases are concomitant with evolution. Most genetic diseases 

are an aberration of  some biological maneuver present inn  health. Autoim- 

mune diseases are thee  immune response turned wrong. Obesity iss  a  protec- 

tive  maneuver—to maximize food  consumption during  times of  plenty— 

gone wrong. Food stuffs do  not spoiill  when packed  around the  ribs  inn  the  

form of  fat..  So,,  alll  genetic diseases, when their cause iss  understood, can be  

seen to  be  a  normal maneuver of  the  body,,  gone wrong. These diseases are 
found inn  thee  animal kingdom too,  and  are not present inn  thee  human race for  
any  particular reason beyond your abilityy  to  survive inn  spitee  of  these diseases. 
In  the  animal kingdom, afflicted animals quickly die  out. You protect your 
afflicted, allowing them not onlyy  to  survive, but  also to  propagate. In  thiss  
way your genetic diseases increase, as though afflictions in  and  of  them- 
selves. 

The Perfect Body 

A  longg  lifee,,  stopping or slowing the  aging  process or  even attaining 
immortality, iss  much sought after  byy  humans. Humans would also  love to  
modify themselves so theyy  can eat  endlessly and not gainn  weight, or have 
prolonged sexual intercourse until  theyy  tiree  of  sexual climax, or have alll  the  
physical characteristics thatt  constitute attractiveness between the  sexes, or 
have athletic prowess and  metal acuity,  and while we’re at  itt,,  not go  bald. 
However, thiss  does not assist  inn  the  spiritual  growth of  thee  individual, which 
iss  the  aim of  incarnations. What lessons are to  be  learned iff  one iss  never 
presented with problems? What painful  adjustments must be  made? We 
have stated that  immature entities require  incarnations inn  order to  develop 
spiritually, and  without incarnations thiss  process at  this  point  inn  their devel- 
opment goes much more slowly.  Likewise, without hardship, the  
incarnations teach little..  

76 



Rules 

sailite: 



on 

7 

- - 
A 

a a 

. r (ideas 
= | 

* ns | ° 

sep -* . 

acs or 
f ox 

ahi itv Ay 

i an te 

Ww. heey (oiceaae 

geo ° : me hutaan trace IGF’: 

Poet i eps Jimeceee 
mi ., aitiigted 4 wt, Soe pet aaa 

b ry “55 Trop ae hn eae -_ 

wWugh Al ia tue of tere oey 

a 

_ reson 
: , : : vee As or Pact otal 7 : 

by oe | es ww 1y6 Mur bots ould deg Ve De 

sy DD Ge - aol Got Gann vagh e Cap 7 

; aw + tie a s) cleoeato e 

' cal ch > Um evlé at = 7 oe btiewdn Ge aE 
¥ s a:* a 

d 4 yt GETly, ow awe ae 7 <, 

wes zr, My ot Oded, So TRE spc its a a aa i poy 

nie of bc ore cee, Wish ieayarm are & De | ergOot ua e 
wv = S ee i a iw (mens 

i aad ne conte ARRAS Mee oe 
qerstesil>, Lin! «ved loeprseOtils iprgotsea n ar wile het { 
T-y  a Y a « slaty: ; oado:o  oi: tuas | ae 
rarer aa. 1 ch Tt iat ne 

ba - 



13  
Engagements 

We,  thee  Zetas,  as  alll  groups alien  to  the  Earth, are guided byy  the  Rules 
of  Engagement among ourselves. The Rules of  Engagement also  cover 
entities who are no longer  incarnated but  are inn  lighhtt  form. Inn  these matters, 
the  issue of  death iss  defined differently. Humans, currently inn  third density, 
are not so guided  by  Rules of  Engagement, beingg  freee  to  be  themselves inn  
whatever manner theyy  wish. Human societies set  their own rules,  groups 
within societies set  their own rules,,  families set  their  own rules,  and  some- 
times even individual humans, inn  setting  about self  improvement, make their 
own personal rules. 

Our rules,  inn  regard  to  behavior on Earth,  are determined by  the  Council 
of  Worlds, which administers thee  goings on of  intelligent lifee  of  alll  kinds,  of  
whatever density, inn  thiss  partt  of  the  universe. These rules govern the  ex- 
pected clashes between service-to-self and  service-to-others oriented groups. 
Why are these rules  necessary? Humans are a  mixture, being  inn  the  third  
density and inn  the  process of  choosing. They  find  the  self-centered inn  the  
same vicinity  as thee  altruistic and  empathic. The rules of  human society  take  
thiss  into  account. Your laws on criminal behavior, forr  instance, are an 
example of  rules  assuming a  mix of  service-to-self and  service-to-others. 
They  spellll  out  what criminal behavior iss,,  when thee  linee  iss  crossed, and  when 
one intrudes upon another. 

79 



Zetatalk 

In  thee  service-to-self oriented groups after  third  density,  alll  are,  essen- 

tialllyy,,  criminals. They  are ruthless and  utterlyy  without scruples. They  would 

prey  upon each other endlessly. The  control over each other iss not  byy  crimii--  

nall  rules,,  but  byy  the  rule  of  thee  strong. The pecking order iss  ruthlessly 

established, byy  whatever means necessary. Once established, thiss  becomes 

the  law.  Essentially the  rulee  of  law  iss  thee  longg  listt  of  rules from the  lawgiver. 

Democracy has  absolutely nothing to  do  with thiss  process. Itt  iss  a  dictator- 

shipp..  Thus,  as longg  as  alll  new members are service-to-self oriented, homeo- 

stasis  iss  established. When inn  Rome, you do  as  thee  Romans ddoo..  

Inn  the  service-to-others oriented groups after  third  density,  none wishes 
to  hurt  the  other. Concern for  the  group, and  others, iss  expected and  deliv- 
ered.  Rules are not used to  control here,,  either. Order iss  established byy  the  
group discussing what needs to  be  done,  and  by  various members volunteer- 
ingg..  Communication regarding difficulties, requests forr  assistance, and  status 
on the  ongoing concerns of  the  many are frequent. There are no secrets. 
There iss  no need to  be  defensive against  each other,  as alll  have common 
goals,,  and  none means to  take  advantage of  the  other. There are no locked 
doors. All  turn their  backs on each other without fear..  Goods are not 
hoarded but  shared. Service-to-others entities trust each other utterly,  and  
thiss  trust iss  not misplaced. 

Mix these two groups together, and what would happen? The service- 
to-self entities would endlessly take advantage of  the  service-to-others 
entities. To  some degree,  thiss  takes placee  inn  your third-density world. The 
self-centered moan that  theyy  are putt  upon, unfairly  treated, injured,  need a  
lighter  load,,  and  cut  to  the  quickk  byy  others’ treatment of  them. The service-to- 
self  entities use alll  manner of  ruses to  take  advantage of  good-hearted folk.  
In  a  world where alll  service-to-others entities have lett  down their  guard  to  
concentrate on mutual goals,,  assuming themselves surrounded by  friends, 
their  trust would prove disastrous. Inn  short,  the  two groups cannot mix. The 
service-to-others entities, who usually  prove to  be  the  majority during  any 
planetary evolution, are given  guardianship of  their  perimeter. You may 
choose to  call  thiss  a  type  of  quarantine of  the  service-to-self entities, or 
giving  the  service-to-self group a  prison-colony environment, iff  you wish. 
However, thiss  separation iss  for  the  benefit of  both groups. The service-to- 
self  entities find  beingg  around those of  service-to-others mentality distracting 
to  a  great degree.  All  service-to-self entities at  one time in  their  pastt  had  
empathic sensitivities toward others. This  has  been repressed inn  the  interest 

80 



Engagements 

of  service to  the  self..  The service-to-self entityy  does not want to  be  reminded 
of  this,,  and,,  iff  so reminded, finds itself distracted and inn  need of  correction 
forr  some time to  come. Thus, the  service-to-self entities wish to  avoid those 
strongly oriented toward service-to-others. They are not clambering for  the  
mix,  either. The desire forr  distance iss  mutual. 

So  do  the  two groups ever encounter each other? Only  when both 
agree, and  under a  strict  set  of  rules.  Agreement can involve a  group, or an 
individual. All  thiss  iss  spelled  out.  An individual may engage an individual, 
or an individual may engage a  group, or a  group may engage a  group. A  
group would be  aa  specified number of  entities, or  aa  representation of  the  
largerr  group. In  either case, whether forr  a  group or an individual, the  type  of  
engagement may be  one of  three types: 

Non Engagement 

No engagement has  been agreed  upon, and none will  occur. This will  
happen iff  a  request forr  an engagement has  been refused. 

Limited Engagement 

Either thee  requester or  the  acceptor has  placed  limits on the  engage- 
ment. The limits can have alll  manner of  characteristics. Only  for  an hour. 
No touching. No other entityy  can be  present. Only  verbal interaction. In  the  
dark. Only  numerics can be  discussed. Whatever. This type  of  engagement 
iss  the  most usual,  and engagements are brief between groups of  different 
orientations. 

Unlimited Engagement 

Without limitations, so that  the  engagement will  not end  until  the  death 
of  one entityy  or  thee  other. Where one of  the  entities iss  an individual, this  
engagement runs until  the  incarnation ends inn  physical death. Where one of  
the  entities iss  aa  group, thiss  engagement runs until  the  group disbands or iss  
eliminated inn  some meaningful manner. 

Disagreements 

Where interplay between orientations iss  so  strictllyy  controlled byy  tthhee  
Rules of  Engagement thatt  there iss  essentially no interplay  at  alll,,  there are on 

occasion disagreements between members of  service-to-others groups who 

8 ]| 



ZetatTaallkk 

engage each other on a  continuing basis. As  we are dealing  with  entities who 

are determined to  see thee  general  welfare givenn  priority,,  these are essentially 

friendly  disagreements. As  anyone who lives  inn  a  loving  family  can attest,  

thiss  iss  no small thingg..  There are situations where a  simple  vote taken from 

those affected iss  not appropriate. Perhaps itt  cannot even be  determined who 

will  be  affected, forr  instance, inn  a  situation where a  species  on a  new fertile  

planett  iss  to  be  genetically engineered to  support conscious, intelligent lifee..  
There iss  no intelligent lifee  to  be  polled  as  to  their  opinion, onlyy  the  opinions 
of  thee  various service-to-others genetic  engineers. How does this  work? 

We bringg  these types  of  issues to  the  Council of  Worlds and have a  
formal debate of  sorts. Bear inn  mind that  alll  the  protagonists are basically 
focused on doing  the  rightt  thing,,  and  there are no hidden agendas possible inn  
the  service-to-others orientation inn  thee  higher  densities. It’ss  jusstt  that  there iss  
a  difference of  opinion, based on past  experience and  outlook, as  to  what the  
rightt  thingg  to  do  iss..  Alll  present their  views and  openly  debate, much inn  the  
format of  a  roundhouse discussion. Each iss  allowed to  explain fullyy,,  and  iss  
not interrupted. When alll  have said  their  piece,  and  no points  are leftt  to  be  
countered or  debated, then the  Council of  Worlds makes a  decision. The 
Council of  Worlds iss  composed of  very high-density entities who hold their  
position because of  a  general vote of  alll  affected. They  are essentially 
elected. Their decision on the  matter before them then  settles the  issue. As  
with the  Rules of  Engagement and  other rules that  must be  enforced, this  
decision iss  made by  computer and  iss  enforced, without question or  argument. 

War 

Humans are accustomed to  the  forces of  what theyy  calll  good  and  evill  
beingg  constantly att  war, and  theyy  expect thiss  conflict to  be  present inn  almost 
every situation. The  young child att  school may find  thee  drugg  pusher inn  a  
running battle with the  locall  police,  the  bullyy  extracting lunch money from 
younger children, and thee  chronic cheat who copies  the  homework of  others 
to  be  ever present. These types  seem to  go  virtually unchallenged. Surely  lifee  
elsewhere in  the  universe iss  the  same, and  the  advanced technology that  
aliens rather evidently possess would make forr  spectacular battles when 
clashes occur. In  fact,,  due to  the  separation of  the  orientations, such clashes 
rarelyy  occur between orientations, and  among the  service-to-self entities theyy  
happen onlyy  when there  iss  not a  clear  winner inn  the  constant contest to  be  topp  
dog  that  iss  characteristic of  this  orientation. Those inn  the  service-to-others 

82 



Engagements 

orientation never war with each other,,  although disagreements most certainlyy  
exist and  conferences are frequent iff  not constant, iff  one takes telepathy into  
account. 

The reason battles between orientations do  not occur iss  not onlyy  due  to  
their separation, itt  iss  also  due  to  the  enforcement of  this  separation. Those inn  
tthhee  service-to-self orientation would not be  expected to  abide by  a  rule  out of  
honor, as theyy  have none. They  have no choice. Ifa  service-to-self group 
attempts to  encroach on territory assigned to  service-to-others groups, theyy  
are physically blocked at  the  perimeter byy  forces putt  into  place  byy  the  
Council of  Worlds. To  engage, the  service-to-self entities must request an 
engagement, and  thiss  request, which iss  likewise monitored byy  thee  Council, 
can be  refused byy  the  service-to-others entities or a  counteroffer proffered. 
Gladiator-style contests, where brute physical force iss  used to  determine the  
outcome, iss  simply  not something those inn  thee  service-to-others orientation 
would have the  slightest  interest in..  What would be  thee  point,,  to  determine 
which life-form has  the  biggest muscles and  teeth? 

Beyond the  lack  of  interest inn  physical prowess games, the  service-to- 
others entities don’t engage inn  battle,  forr  theyy  know the  outcome. They  
would win. Where those inn  thee  service-to-self orientation desire weapons 
and  spendd  a  good  partt  of  their  energy fussing over their  arsenal of  destructive 
power, the  service-to-self entities are never as  technologically advanced as  
those inn  service-to-others, and  the  reason iss  simple—lack of  cooperation. 
Those inn  the  service-to-self orientation attend to  their tasks because theyy  
must, have been ordered to,,  and  would be  punished or killed iff  theyy  were 
found doing  otherwise. The attention the  service-to-self entities givee  to  their  
tasks iss  not the  same, as  their  hearts are not inn  itt, , their  tasks having been 
assigned rather than chosen. 

Supremacy 

Within thee  service-to-self group, all-out battles forr  supremacy occuurr  

‘wwhheen superiority iss  not clear.  Both want to  be  topp  dog,,  and the  rulingg  masters 

are willing  to  send inn  and  sacrifice their  minions. This situation needs no 

explanation, as  human wars are equivalent inn  most respects. Warfare inn  
human history  has  

83 



ZetaTalk 

been as brutal as  the  restraints on the  warlords will  allow. They  want at  

their  command virtual killing  machines who have no remorse or hesitation, 

but  what human warlords most often  gett  are procrastinating generals and  

deserting troops, even when the  mission can be  cloaked inn  humanitarian 

terms. Soldiers hesitate to  killl,,  and  generals  hopee  forr  compromise or  a  

bloodless capitulation. But what iff  there were no reluctance or  hesitation? 

When there iss  no remorse, one does not hesitate. What iff  the  warlords on 

both sides  had  their  perfectt  soldiers? Put  thiss  emotional climate into  the  

high-technology arena that  exists  inn  fourth density,  and  what follows iiss  aa  
service-to-self leveling war. Itt  iss  so called  because thiss  iss  the  result—the 
survivors ultimately finding  their level  in  relationship to  the  other group, 
with one standing above the  other. 

In  these wars the  soldiers are not motivated out of  loyalty  or aa  commit- 
ment to  ideals,  theyy  are alll  like  gladiators—kill or be  killed. A soldier who 
refuses to  be  thee  perfect  killingg  machine forr  hiss  master iss  made an example, 
and  a  quickk  and  painless death iss  out of  the  question. Human wars see the  
use of  biological weapons such as  nerve gas,  nuclear bombs, maiming 
devices such as mines, psychological weapons such as  reminders of  home 
and comfort, and  various wearing techniques such as starvation. Intergalactic 
wars between service-to-self groups are more brutal and direct,,  with com- 
pletee  destruction in  the  wink of  an eye  the  goal..  

Thus,  the  service-to-self groups, when establishing their  pecking order,  
frequently brutalize and decimate each other. Establishing the  pecking order 
within a  service-to-self group results inn  brutality and maiming, iff  not death. 
The pecking order iss  thus established and  maintained with the  same heavy- 
handed methods, so that  a  visitor to  a  service-to-self camp would think itt  
remarkably peaceful, not seeing  what came before. Service-to-self ranks are 
rebuilt from the  orphanages where alll  their youngsters are raised and  procre- 
ation iss  temporarily stepped  up  until  thee  count of  physical bodies approxi- 
mates thee  fourth-density service-to-self entities incarnating within the  group. 
All  iss  peaceful again  until some factor or another changes the  power struc- 
ture. All  thiss  iss  viewed from afar  byy  service-to-others groups, who are aware 
of—but essentially disinterested in—the battles,  since theyy  cannot be  af--  
fected. 

t“Hhe  

84 



14  
Council of  Worlds 

#$m1@S S 
@#! 

The Council of  Worlds, sometimes known to  you as  the  Association of  
Worlds, has  over 40  groups at  the  present time,,  but  this  number varies from 
time to  time,,  and  iss  in  motion. The alien groups that  are present on Earth are 
alll  members of  the  Council of  Worlds. All  entities from either spiritual 
orientation who are visiting  the  Earth at  this  time are,  likewise, members. 
This iss  not optional. The members of  the  Council, beingg  primarily from the  
higher  spiritual  densities, are not,,  inn  the  main,  incarnated. This makes forr  a  
setting  humans might  find  amusing, when holding council with  incarnated 
aliens. Those incarnated stand around, gesturing and  communicating with 
grunts or diagrams or telepathically or through translators iff  necessary. Now 
and  then  alll  falll  silent  and  stillll  while the  Council communicates to  them,  soul  
to  soul,,  and  thee  incarnated souls then  hastily  update  their  physical minds 
through thee  mind/spirit connection. Then another round of  discussion 
ensues. To  an outsider,  unaware of  what was happening, thee  voice of  author- 
ityy  would seem to  be  absent. From the  standpoint of  humans inn  third density,  
the  Council’s charter iss  to  keep  the  two spirituall  orientations of  the  visitors 
apart,,  except under carefully structured and  fulllyy  monitored engagements, 

85 



Zetatalk 

and  to  ensure that  thee  free  will  of  man not be  abridged. This  iss  alll  easier than 

itt  sounds, as  the  task  iss  accomplished simply  byy  preventing contact—by 

building walls. These walls are not of  a  physical  substance, but  have an 

effect on physical  matter as  well  as  spirituall  matter. We Zetas cannot tellll  you  

thee  mechanism, not because thee  rules  forbid itt,,  but  because we do  not know. 

We can onlyy  telll  you what thiss  feels  like..  Itt  iss  aa benign  cushion, through 

which one cannot pass, and  which iss  more likee  a  pillow  on impact than a  

brick  wall.  Shipss  pointed past  thee  pointt  of  no passage find  themselves at  thee  

wall,,  as  though  alll  the  computations guiding the  leapp  through time and  space 
had been reset. The blockade iss  utterlyy  effective yet  gentle,  leaving no 
damage except, perhaps, wounded pride..  

Travel Protocol 

Humans assume chaos rules inn  the  universe, as  chaos seems to  rule  inn  
their  world. They  have free  will,,  and  except where restrained byy  each other 
or temporarily byy  circumstances, theyy  can do  as  theyy  wish. Iss  itt  not so inn  
outer space? Itt  iss  not so. There are rules.  These rules restrain primarily byy  
preventing the  spiritually immature from  leaving their home planet.  This iss  
the  rule  that  restrains humans, at  present. Humans may imagine that  matters 
are otherwise, as  theyy  have managed to  lifftt  off  their  planet,  but  this  iss  viewed 
as  essentially hopping about on the  surface, not serious space travel. Entities 
are not allowed to  travel to  other worlds and influence matters there  until 
theyy  have reached fourth-density spirituall  maturity. Here theyy  are either inn  
the  service-to-self or service-to-others orientation, where the  rules differ,  but  
there are nonetheless strict  rules in  regard  to  protocol toward other galactic 
cultures. 

What iss  protocol  during  galactic travel? There must be  no interference 
with another culture unless called. The interference then allowed iss  inn  
proportion to  the  size  of  The Call,,  and  we are speaking here of  numbers inn  
relation to  the  whole—percentages basically. The Call  cannot be  assumed to  
lastt  forever, but  iss  rather self-limiting. No lingering. This iss  gauged byy  when 
the  circumstances of  the  original  calll  have dissipated. Iff  no secondary calll  
has  been issued,  the  interference should be  ended. Traveling or  visiting  
groups are not to  interfere with each  other,,  except as  guided  by  the  Rules of  
Engagement. During conflicting callss,,  theyy  must take  scrupulous care not to  

86 



Council of  Worlds 

stepp  on each others’ toes. The reader will  notice how often we decline to  
discuss matters, citing  these rules. The rules we are guided byy  are strictt,,  and 
failure to  abide byy  them sends us packing. 

Participants 

The Earth iss  already inn  the  Council of  Worlds, and  some humans are 
already actively participating. As with the  Earth’s awakening to  the  presence 
of  intelligent entities from elsewhere inn  the  universe, the  Earth iss  moving 
forward piecemeal. These humans, who are already representing the  Earth at  
the  Council of  Worlds, are not known to  the  governments of  the  Earth. The 
governments of  the  Earth,  inn  the  main,  do  not represent thee  people they  
govern. The governments primarily represent special  interests, those who 
rule,,  or those who are power hungry.  The humans who represent Earth,  or 
the  human pointt  of  view,,  are those who are spiritually mature, but  not alll  
humans who are spiritually mature enough to  be  considered operating inn  the  
spiritual fourth density are with the  Council of  Worlds. This iss  a  decision the  
human makes, whether to  joinn  or not. These personal decisions made by  
humans may not be  ones theyy  are consciously aware of..  

Needless to  say,  as the  Earth iss  destined to  become a  home forr  service- 
to-others entities quitee  soon, the  service-to-self entities, of  which there are 
few,,  have no say  inn  determinations about thee  future of  the  Earth. The ser- 
vice-to-self entities represent themselves, only,,  and  inn  essence make com- 
plaints  and  pleass  that  falll  upon deaf ears. 

Voting 

The Constitution of  the  United States was assisted inn  itss  birth  byy  those 
inn  the  service-to-others orientation. This was not an easy birth,,  and  the  
reason for  thiss  support was not trifling.  The U.S. Constitution iss  a  forerunner 
of  what you can expect from the  Council of  Worlds—the individual counts. 
When do  humans gett  to  vote inn  thee  Council of  Worlds, and  aarree  tthheerree  iinntteerrmmee--  
diate  representatives, such as  the  Constitution allows for?  The answer to  the  
latter  question iss  no. Where under human affairs the  physical impossibility 
of  having millions and  even billions of  humans aatt  any  given  representation 

requires a  supra-level of  representation, inn  densities above third,,  we inn  factt  

87 



Zetatalk 

can manage thee  larggee  crowd. And when do  you become eligiblee  to  vote?  In  

matters of  thee  Earth,  as residents of  Earth,  you already have a  vote. Itt  iss  one- 

to-one, and  your vote iss  polledd  frequently, as  amazing as  thatt  may seem. 

Inn  practical  matters, how does thiss  work? Where iss  thee  ballot box? Ina 

physical  world, as  humans are used to  thinking the  world iss,,  one expects a  

physical  ballot box. Inn  human society,,  thee  verbal promise iss  often forgotten 

or skewered, so  important promises and  agreements are putt  into  writing,  and  

thee  verbiage iss  made precise..  Words can trap,,  and  words can aassssuurree..  How 
does the  Council of  Worlds work without words? Within the  service-to- 
others entities, the  essence of  the  question under vote iiss  faithfully relayed ttoo  
the  individual who has  aa  righhtt  to  vote. The true intent of  the  voter iss  relayed 
to  thee  ballot box,  which inn  thiss  case iss not a  box at  alll  but  a  type  of  mental 
computer. Inn  the  service-to-self orientation, voting  does not occur. Deci- 
sions are made based on the  pecking order. 

Elections 

All  forming entities that  were Terran born—having formed on the  
Earth—participated inn  the  vote that  occurred justt  priorr  to  the  Roswell inci-  
dent,,  the  vote that  determined the  Earth’s future orientation as  service-to- 
others. Within the  Earth’s population of  approximately sixx  billion onlyy  about 
a  billion are reincarnating entities, and  the  vast majority of  the  remaining 
four billion newly  forming entities are expected to  end  up  as aborted entities. 
How does alll  of  this  then compute into  the  rightt  to  vote on various issues,  
and  how will  the  forthcoming polee  shiftt,,  which iss  estimated to  result inn  the  
death of  90% of  thee  population, figuree  in??  

When the  Earth’s future orientation was established, alll  humans who 
incarnated with either newly  forming or  reincarnating entities,  or souls as  
theyy  are sometimes called,  voted. All  entities originating on Earth also  
participated, including those between lives.  In  thiss  vote,  alll  carried equal  
weight, byy  lifetime. This means that  an entittyy  who had  experienced a  thou- 
sand lives  on Earth had  the  weight of  a  thousand votes, compared to  an entittyy  
newly forming inn  thiss  incarnation. This also  means thatt  the  resulting orienta- 
tion  of  these older entities went into  the  vote,  so that  an entityy  who had 
evolved toward the  service-to-others orientation would cast his  fulll  weight inn  
thiss  direction, and likewise one that  had  recently moved into  the  service-to- 
self  orientation might  cast hiss  fulll  weight there,  regardless of  past  positions 

88 



Council of  Worlds 

on these matters. Itt  iss  the  present position that  counts. The future population 
will  become solidly service-to-others by  a  combination of  entities that  have 
evolved on Earth, star children, aliens such as ourselves, and the  hybridss  
currently awaiting the  time when theyy  can migrate to  the  Earth—all inn  the  
service-to-others orientation. 

TThhee  ppoollee  sshhiifftt  wwiill  savage incarnated humans of  both orientations, 
sparing no one. Where those humans operating solidly  iinn  tthhee  sseerrvice-to- 
others orientation will  be  offered a  temporary liftt,,  few  have accepted thiss  
offer,  choosing instead to  stayy  with those theyy  feell  a  sense of  responsibility 
toward. Thus,  the  polee  shift  will  decimate the  current population equally,  
resulting inn  no net difference inn  the  Earth’s orientation. The net orientation 
leaning  will  soon begin  to  change, however, as service-to-others groups willl  
fare  better than those of  mixed orientation or the  roving  gangs of  service-to- 
self  oriented individuals. Thus,  the  decimation caused byy  the  polee  shift  will  
ultimately affect the  voting  population by  reducing the  number of  undecided 
or service-to-self individuals, through death. 

Minority Vote 

Humans used to  arranging aa  place  on court dockets often feell  leftt  out of  
activities ongoing at  the  Council of  Worlds. Their votes are collected and  
then that’s the  end  of  itt, , and  theyy  longg  to  argue their case. On Earth,  depend- 
ingg  upon the  human society,  one can either bribe thee  judge,  bribe or other- 
wise influence those who appoint or control the  judge,  selectively screen the  
jury,,  arrange to  be  represented byy  high-priced and  high-powered attorneys, or 
endlessly petition.  That  the  Council of  Worlds does not have similar avenues 
open to  them feels  likee  a  breach of  rights!!  In  factt,,  probably forr  the  firstt  time,,  
theyy  are experiencing a  true democracy. They  are the  minority vote! Their 
viewpoint lost!!  Manipulating the  outcome byy  trying  to  manipulate the  courts 
iss  simply not democratic! 

The Council does not arbitrarily make pronouncements affecting the  
lliivveess  aanndd  ffuuttuurreess  ooff  intelligent species.  Except forr  the  preconscious period,  
when genetic  engineering iss  about to  beginn  oorr  iiss  iinn  process, tthhee  ssppiirriittss  
incarnating into  an intelligent speciess  always determine thee  outcome. Nean- 
derthal man determined that  itss  linee  would diee  out  to  be  replaced byy  another 
version of  earlyy  man, forr  instance. They  were polled  as  to  their  opinion  on 
the  eatingg  disorder that  was killingg  so many of  them at  a  young age,  and  thee  

89 



Zetatalk 

alternatives were abundantly clear  to  those polled.  Once the  decision had  

been made, the  feelings of  any  given  Neanderthal man about to  be  sterilized, 

but  not castrated, with a  small snipp  to  hiss  groinn  mattered not. His  was the  

minority vote! 

Secession 

Hearing that  the  Earth’s transformation iss  being  administered byy  the  
Council of  Worlds, those humans with isolationist tendencies often object.  
Can’t theyy  secede? The answer iss  a  simple no,  as  alll  life-bearing worlds inn  
thiss  partt  of  the  universe are administered byy  the  Council, whose abilityy  to  
administer inn  the  manner itt  does iss  onlyy  possible because itss  authority iss  
without contradiction. Iss  thiss  not a  dictatorship? Yes,  but  one that  iss  benign, 
run byy  wise and  massive elected entities staunchly inn  the  service-to-others 
orientation, who continuously polll  those theyy  administer as  to  their opinions. 
After third  density, entities are allowed to  travel,,  and a  world off  limits to  the  
Council’s administration would, as one might  imagine, be  a  continuous 
battleground. Those inn  the  service-to-self orientation, who are restrained 
much against  their  wishes byy  the  many perimeters thee  Council places  around 
them,  would see a  seceding world as  aa  free  port,,  and  have no rest inn  attempt- 
ingg  to  secure this  prize..  : Hr T 

90 



1S5)  
Limitations 

Once a  vote on a  world’s orientation has  been taken,  preparatory to  the  
transformation that  a  third-density world iss  to  take,,  exceptions to  the  normal 
rules can occur. The results of  thee  vote are not to  be  tipped,,  and  situations 
that  would tipp  the  outcome are regulated by  thee  Council of  Worlds. Interfer- 
ence inn  alll  cases must come before the  Council of  Worlds and be  justified. 
Given the  heated nature of  falsehoods spread  inn  South America purporting 
abductions by  bloodsucking aliens,  the  Brazilian Roswell scenario was 
approved, bypassing the  rule  that  alll  human encounters with aliens should be  
recorded onlyy  inn  the  subconscious. An exception was also  granted forr  the  
original  Roswell incident, which led  to  conscious contact with U.S. govern- 
ment personnel and ultimately resulted inn  thee  formation of  MJ-12. MJ-12 
personnel, of  course, encounter aliens frequently in  the  course of  their  duties,  
and are fullyy  conscious of  these encounters—a continuing exception that  was 
granted  byy  the  Council when theyy  approved the  Roswell proposal. 

Exploration Limits 

Man has  justt  recently, within thee  pastt  century, launched into  the  space 
age,  sending astronauts to  the  Moon and  probes  to  the  outer and  inner 
reaches of  thee  solar system. The giantt  hominoids from thee  12th  Planet 
progressed beyond thiss  point,,  establishing mining operations on various 
planets or  moons, and shuttling to  meet their  home, the  12th  Planet, when itt  
periodically made a  passage. What, therefore are the  exploration limits on 
third-density species? In  general,  entities inn  third  density  are allowed unlim- 
itedd  exploration within their  solar  system. Where more than  one planett  inn  the  
ssoollaarr  system iiss  inhabited byy  an intelligent species,,  and  an imbalance of  power 
arises  between these species,  a  quarantine may result. For instance, iff  one 

91 



Zetatalk 

planet’s  intelligent species  were dexterous, such  as  man, and  another planett  

had  an intelligent species  thatt  had  onlyy  finss  and  tentacles, an imbalance of  

power would exist.  The  dexterous species  could enslave or exterminate the  

hapless water creatures. 

Mankind iss  already  quarantined, though  man iss  quittee  unaware of  itt..  His  

recent difficulties with hiss  space program are not alll  accidents, although the  

difficulties inn  the  pastt  have alll  been man-made. Man will  not  be  allowed to  

travel to  those partss  of  the  solar  system where theyy  would be  likelyy  to  en- 

counter their  old  slave  masters, the  giantt  hominoids from the  12th  Planet. Itt  

iiss  the  message thatt  would be  brought back to  Earth that  iss  the  sticking  point..  
The Earth has  a  longg  memory of  having  been  enslaved inn  the  past  by  these 
giantt  hominoids, who were quarantined from thee  Earth forr  upsetting the  
balance of  another third-density species’  existence. Going into  the  transfor- 
mation, Earthlings are not to  be  alarmed by  thiss  palpably real  threat,  as  this  
would increase fear  and  anxiety  inordinately and therefore raise  the  number 
of  those leaning to  the  service-to-self orientation. 

Space Shuttles 

In  thee  pastt  the  12th  Planet was considered part  of  your Solar System, 
and  inn  general thee  Council of  Worlds allows third-density species  who are 
local to  interact with each other,  especially  when theyy  are the  same species. 
The hominoids on the  12th  Planet were seeded inn  the  same manner as  the  
hominoids on Earth, and  during  the  same time  frame, but  uneven develop- 
ment occurred. The hominoids on Earth dealt  with  carnivores and  the  violent 
geological changes that  accompany polee  shifts. Iff  theyy  were not running 
away, theyy  were having to  pickk  up  thee  pieces  and  start  over again..  Thus,  the  
hominoids on thee  12th  Planet reached the  pointt  where Homo sapiens on 
Earth iss  now, many millennia ago.  They  developed rockets, not unlike thee  
manned rockets humans send  aloft  regularly to  maintain their  satellite 
systems. The goall  was not simply  to  orbit  their  planet,  but  to  gather  re- 
sources for  their planet,  essentially a  water world where mining operations 
were limited. They  were driven to  develop a  Solar System shuttle, and  their 
earlyy  astronauts were much at  risk  and  died byy  the  dozens. They could 
plainly  see,  via  their  telescope equivalents, that  thee  Earth and Mars were 
planets that  could sustain them. As  with international travelers on Earth, theyy  
expected to  gett  infected with new bugs,  and  theyy  knew that  their  immune 

92 



Limitations 

systems would either adapt  or theyy  would die..  Eventually, during repeated 
visits of  the  12th Planet to  your Solar System, theyy  worked the  kinks out of  
their shuttle and  settled into  colonies on Earth and Mars. 

Then trouble emerged as,  being  advanced, the  giantt  hominoids de-  
manded and gott  subservience from humans. In  addition to  their  technologi- 
cal  advantage, the  giantt  hominoids from the  12th Planet had  size  on their  
side.  They  ruled. 

As these types of  arrangements became progressively more extreme, 
the  Council of  Worlds stepped inn  and  effected a  quarantine. The 12th Planet 
inhabitants do  not know theyy  are quarantined, theyy  simply  came to  the  
realization that  theyy  must leave. This was arranged as most such matters are, 
with the  giantt  hominoids believing to  thiss  dayy  that  the  decision was theirs. 
They  ran into  increasing difficulttiieess——trreebbellious slaves,  bad  weather, loss  of  
their stores—and found that  their  brethren elsewhere were at  least  masters of  
their  environment. The grass was greener, and  theyy  left..  They  were discour- 
aged  by  Star  Children sent to  accomplish thiss  mission, and the  untimely 
storms that  scattered their pack  animals and sank their  shipss  were accom- 
plished  by  airr  turbulence caused by  temperature differences, a  minor feat  
quickly arranged. 

Collision Course 

How might  two planets, on some sort  of  collision course with each 
other,  be  dealt with att  the  Council of  Worlds? This situation iss  presenting 
itselff,,  again,  inn  the  coming polee  shift  to  be  caused byy  the  periodic passage of  
the  12th  Planet. The Council of  Worlds views interfering with nature thiss  
way: Itt  iss  not allowed. Nature iss  aa  factt  that  alll  intelligent entities are adapt--  
ingg  to  and  becoming aware of  quitee  intimately byy  the  necessities of  lifee  
during incarnations. This iss  a  learning process, and  itt  iss  not to  be  preempted 
byy  cheating. Even should humans figuree  out  how to  do  thiss,,  iitt  would not bbee  
allowed. The 12th  Planet and  itss  periodic passage was aa  known eennttiittyy  when 
humans were genetically engineered to  beginn  with. Itt iss  nothing new. The 
Council of  Worlds would not  allow thee  Earth to  blow the  inhabited 12th  
Planet out of  the  skies. 

93 



Zetatlalk 

Escape Routes 

The  Rule of  Non-Interference iss  quittee  clear  on thee  cataclysms. The 

onlyy  humans who can be  assisted inn  their  survival efforts are those firmlyy  inn  

the  service-to-others. This  exception iss  due  to  the  spirituall  focus the  inhabit- 

ants of  thee  Earth have chosen forr  her  future.  The Earth iss  to  be  a  home forr  

entities inn  the  service-to-others during  fourth density,  and  thus  those humans 

who are operating inn  thee  service-to-others orientation are considered, essen- 
tiallyy,,  inn  that  camp. 

What does thiss  mean forr  the  others,  who are in  thee  majority, or forr  any 
elite  groups who may tryy  to  strike a  deal? Essentially itt  means that  any 
promises that  have been made to  the  contrary are false,,  and  theyy  have been 
liedd  to..  Our own agreements are quitee  clear on thiss  point..  All  our resources 
are going  to  be  used assisting service-to-others humans during thee  coming 
polee  shift..  Each individual iss  being  judged on the  basis of  thee  orientation 
theyy  are currently operating in..  No group deals. No special  favors. In  
regard  to  the  service-to-self groups, who perpetually promise what theyy  have 
no intention of  delivering, theyy  make these promises to  maximize thee  misery  
of  the  disappointed. This iss  their  way of  insuring a  conquest so that  their 
recruits will  be  utterlyy  focused on the  self  during  their last  moments— 
pointed inn  the  rightt  direction. 

Alien Technology 

Rumor has  itt  that  the  secretive development of  the  Aurora and the  
recently emergent Stealth Bomber reflect a  contribution of  alien technology, 
and  rumor iss  correct. This iss  not our technology, but  was an earlyy  gifftt  from 
ambassadors inn  the  service-to-self orientation who were busily  bribing their 
way into  thee  hearts of  the  military. Wildly enthusiastic and  anticipating even 
greater coups, the  military leadership att  that  time sold  thiss  program to  
whomever held the  purse strings  and  set  about becoming, so theyy  presumed, 
the  masters of  thee  Earth. 

The technology delivered, which had been demonstrated with alien 
ships,,  did  not work on human machines. Literally decades passed before the  
truth  dawned on the  deeply  disappointed leadership—they had  been de-  
ceived. The demonstration given  by  the  aliens had  involved radar evasion,,  
but  the  aliens used density shifting,  at  speeds that  the  eye  could not follow, so 
the  disappearing shipss  seemed to  have evaded radar.  Having touted the  

94 



Limitations 

program, the  military sponsors were obliged to  deliver something, and theyy  
have delivered the  Aurora. Itt  doesn’t work as  promoted, and thus,  no publicc  
announcement has  been made. 

Alien technology has  not been handed over to  the  government. Those 
inn  the  service-to-self orientation have no desire to  see their  recruits gett  out of  
hand,  nor would theyy  be  allowed, by  the  Rule of  Non-Interference, to  inter- 
fere  with the  balance between humans here on Earth. And those in  the  
service-to-others orientation would never encourage a  war machine. 

Time Travel 

Time iss  linear onlyy  inn  your mind. Itt  iss  not what itt  seems. Your sense 
that  time iss  linear inn  the  universe iss  supported by  what you observe—clocks 
running inn  seeming synchronicity; planetary movements that  are predictable; 
testimony of  other people you interact with to  the  effect that  they,,  too,,  
observe the  same time passage as  you do.  However, time iss  onlyy  a  factor,,  
and as such when put  into  mathematical calculations can be  affected along  
with the  other factors. The universe iss  justt  aa  huge  mathematical calculation. 
In  the  portion of  the  world that  you live  inn,,  thee  factors are stable enough that  
the  time factor never varies enough to  be  noticed. This makes you think that  
time iss  a  fixed factor. Itt  iss  not fixed. We understand what other factors are 
involved, and  how to  modify them so that  thee  time factor changes as we 
wish. Time travel iss  a  mystery we cannot explain  fullyy  to  you, due  to  thee  
rules we must follow. 

The issue of  time travel iss  confusing to  humans, who see the  movies 
where partiess  go  into  the  future as  well  as the  past..  Would that  not be  the  
case, as iff  one can go  inn  one direction, why  not the  other? One cannot travel 
into  the  future, except inn  small increments, hours at  most. Leaping into  thee  
future iss  a  fiction. One can travel into  the  past,,  as  that  iss  a  traill  marked inn  the  
substance of  the  universe, strands that  can be  unwoven and  rewoven, a  rope 
that  streétches back endlessly. The past  has  markers. Gripp  points.  Itt  has  been 
builtt,,  where the  future has  not  yett  been built. A  phrase  much inn  use iss  the  
time/space continuum. This iss  simply  a  way of  stating  that  matter may be  inn  
a  different place,,  or space, depending on the  time,,  and  that  matter leaves a  
traill,,  or  continuum, over time.  You can equate  the  time/space continuum to  

our term strands, beingg  woven and  unwoven, which we consider more exact 
as  itt  refers to  the  webbing that  takes place..  

95 



Zetatalk 

What would happen iff  one went back along  a  particular strand,  unravel- 

ingg  itt, , and  changed thee  circumstances surrounding the  strand? Would itt  

change the  present, and  thus  the  future? Yes,  but  not to  thee  degree  depicted 

inn  the  movies, where people  wink out likee  lighttss  and  buildings disappear 

from sighhtt  and  even from thee  memory of  alll..  How could itt, , as  each  of  these 

occurrences iss  composed of  numerous strands, weaving inn  multiple direc- 

tions,,  and  itt  iss  impossible to  change them alll..  What inn  factt  occurs, should 

one be  allowed to  go  back inn  time and  make an alteration, iss  that  the  future iss  

essentially unchanged. We say  essentially, as  there  has  been change, bbuutt  dduuee  
to  the  interweaving of  other strands, thiss  iss  muted. The Council of  Worlds 
strictlyy  administers time  travel,  as  should one go  back inn  time  and  realllyy  
work at  itt, , changes would begin  to  appear. 

The Future 

Iss  not one moment another’s future and  yett  another’s past??  Iff  we today  
travel back,  would we not be  deemed visitors from thee  future? And inn  thiss  
context, iff  the  Earth were to  hypothetically receive visitors claiming to  be  
from the  future,  would thatt  not mean that  we are not  inn  the  present at  alll,,  and  
that  the  future,  for  us,  has  therefore been written? This confusion can be  
settled iff  one understands that  the  Earth iss  not having visitors from the  future,  
no matter how thiss  may have been stated. Misunderstandings occur during  
genuine channeling sessions, and  an example of  what willl  be  more prevalent 
inn  the  future can be  misunderstood to  be  an actual visitor from the  future. 

The future has  not been written. You are writingg  itt  now, moment by  
moment, decision byy  decision. When travel back through time  occurs thiss  iss 
not recorded inn  the  memory of  nonparticipants, onlyy  in  the  memory of  the  
travelers. Pains are taken to  ensure that  this  be  so. Travel back inn  time iss  
done for  such matters as  capturing geneticc  material longg  lostt,,  forr  instance 

>  

not too  distort or pollute  a  memory. 

+aH - 

96 



16  
Sightings 

The presentation of  the  radio drama The War off  the  Worlds some 
decades ago inn  the  United States was, as  many have expected, a  test.  Given 
that  the  alien presence had  up  until  that  time been consistently presented as  
an alien threat,  the  publicc  reaction was hardly  surprising. Radio dramas are 
often confused with realityy  byy  those tuning  inn,,  as  there are few clues that  a  
fiction,  rather than a  factual scene, iss  being  portrayed. On TV,,  the  fact  that  
one iss  watching a  movie iss  quickly apparent. There are clues inn  the  settings, 
the  time gaps and  leaps,,  and the  frequent intimate moments which newscast- 
ers are not generally privyy  to.  Thus, had  The War off  the  Worlds been pre-  
sented on TV at  that  time,,  rather than as  a  radio drama, the  reaction would 
not have been the  same. 

This test,,  which the  establishment knew would be  taken forr  aa  reall  
broadcast byy  many, was to  determine not  how the  public  would react to  a  
threat but  rather to  determine iff  theyy  believed inn  the  alien  presence. They  
did,,  and  thus  theyy  reacted, and  the  strength of  the  reaction told  an establish- 
ment which had  been congratulating themselves on having  suppressed belief 
inn  aliens that  theyy  had  not succeeded as  theyy  thought. Subsequently suppres- 
sion  continued but  gott  meaner, with mistreatment of  contactees becoming 
more abusive and  physical. 

97 



Zetaltalk 

Since thee  establishment at  that  time  was inn  the  main under the  impres- 

sion  thatt  aliens were onlyy  interested inn  a  takeover, having made contact with 

service-to-self aliens firstt,,  and  beingg  unaware of  thee  separation of  orienta- 

tions  that  takes placee  after  third  density,  theyy  feltt  that  the  panicc  that  ensued 

afterr  thee  Orson Wells radio  drama was inevitable. They  thought of  them- 

selves as  holding back  a  flood,,  putting  their  fingerrss  inn  holes inn  the  dike,,  and  

looking  out  forr  mankind’s welfare. The few  suicides that  the  broadcast 

caused, and  thee  potential  heart attacks, were not a  concern to  the  establish- 

mineennt att  thatt  time,,  as  theyy  considered themselves to  be  essentially at  war and  
the  nation inn  essence under martial law.  All  rules of  human conduct go  out  
the  window when the  leadership iss  inn  a  panic..  

Stages  

The rule  iss,,  and  will  be  forr  the  near future,  that  we keep  the  issue 
constantly before the  populace, with a  steadily increasing level  of  discussion, 
but  always, always, with an element of  doubt. 

This element of  doubt iss  necessary during  the  Awakening so your 
populace does not  become unduly alarmed. A  faint,,  a  palpitating heart,  
distractibility, arguing with friends and  coworkers forr  a  few  days,,  an in--  
creased interest inn  UFO subjects—none of  these iss  considered a  show 
stopper. Were the  entire populace to  react likee  thiss,,  there would be  no 
problem. The Awakening would occur tomorrow. What we seek to  avoid iss  
thee  nervous breakdown, the  fear  inn  friends and  coworkers risingg  to  such a  
level  that  theyy  take  violent steps  against  the  reporter, or the  intensity of  fear  
inn  the  observer that  would make them susceptible, or incline them,  toward 
giving  The Call to  the  service-to-self entities. 

Individuals becoming aware of  thee  alien  presence go  through predict- 
able  steps  inn  their awakening process, though the  pace or the  intensity  of  a  
reaction may differ widely.  

Denial 

The firstt  stagee  iss  denial,  where in  fact  thee  majority of  awakened man- 
kind sitss  today.  They  may entertain the  possibility that  the  alien presence iss  
real,,  may even loudly  argue thee  possibility, and  may be  considered anything  
but  a  skeptic  by  those who know them, but  these  individuals are stilll  holdingg  

98 



Sightings 

close,  in  their heart of  hearts,  to  the  supremacy and  uniqueness of  man. Their 
lifee  has  not changed, society  functions as before,  and thus  the  alien presence 
iss  considered justt  a  possibility. 

Unease 

The second stage  iss  unease, as  circumstances in  their personal lifee,,  or 
simple logic,,  erode their  comfortable cocoon. They  spend  quiett  moments 
pondering what thiss  might  mean. They  tryy  on different scenarios and out- 
comes, to  see how thiss  feels.  They  longg  to  find  another who iss  at  the  same 
stage, but  find  almost everyone else  stillll  discussing iiff  tthhee  aalliieenn  presence iiss  
real.  This second stage  iss  lonely,,  but  as  thiss  individual iss  usually  giving  The 
Call  almost incessantly, theyy  are having many conferences, and  thiss  assuages 
their  loneliness among humans to  aa  great  degree.  

Anticipation 

The third  stage  iss anticipation, as,,  sensing what liess  ahead, the  indi-  
vidual iss  impatient to  have the  world around him,  his  human society, wake 
up.  He now views thee  rest of  society,  with their  comfortable beliefs, as old  
fashioned and  remarkably unobservant. He stops  arguing about the  alien  
presence, and begins making quiett  changes inn  hiss  life..  At  this  pointt  he  may 
encounter others who have the  same quiett  understanding and  convictions, 
and such meetings form groups that  are the  buds of  a  new, awakened, society..  
Individuals at  thiss  third stage  might  meet an alien  or sightt  a  shipp  and not 
experience undue anxiety. They  are ready,  but  are beingg  held  back by  the  
needs of  thee  rest of  the  populace. 

Sightings 

When the  majority of  your populace iss  comfortable with our presence, 
there will  be  no need to  conceal ourselves from you. Sightings willl  increase, 
and  will  include alien life-forms. This will  then move to  telepathic discus- 
sions with these life-forms, en masse with groups of  people. An increasing 
number of  photos and  videos will  develop, and  although theyy  will  meet with 

the  usual barrage of  skeptical-debunking, these photos  and  videos will  speakk  
to  the  subconscious of  many. There will  always  be  those who denyy  what 

theyy  see. This  occurs today,,  inn  your society,  inn  alll  facets. Where sightings are 

on the  increase, jusstt  where and  when theyy  occur depends on many factors,  
onlyy  one of  which iss  the  desire of  the  local inhabitants to  experience one. 

99 



Zetatalk 

Some sightings,  such  as  thee  dramatic Mexico Cityy  sightings seen byy  thou- 

sands and  video tapedd  byy  hundreds, hasten the  Awakening byy  being  broadcast 

and  highly  authentic. Some sightings inn  remote locales occur because the  

majority of  thee  residents are comfortable with  thee  concept of  being  galactic  

citizens and  are readyy  to  experience a  sighting  without undue anxiety.  Some 

sightings byy  individuals are likee  the  personalized signn  many contactees are 

given,,  as  encouragement that  thee  pathh  theyy  have sett  upon iss  not a  foolish one. 

But likewise there are areas of  the  world that  receive few sightings, and  

Muslim countries are included inn  thiss  list..  Where the  majority of  thee  humans 
have been isolated from the  gossip  that  flows freelyy  elsewhere around the  
world, and  have been told  thatt  anything outside of  thee  bounds of  their  tightlyy  
controlled world iss  of  the  devil,,  then sightings would do  more harm than 
good.  Iff  one cannot see a a woman’s face,,  could one be  allowed to  see aa  UFO? 

Mass Sightings 

During the  past  few  decades sightings have almost invariably been a  
personal experience, and inn  the  main theyy  will  remain that—an individual, 
alone inn  an isolated area, a  family  on a  camping tripp,,  a  couple standing on a  
balcony enjoying the  starlit night..  Inn  stepp  with  thee  increased pace of  the  
Awakening, sightings will  become mass sightings,  affecting thee  whole 
populace inn  crowded or urban areas. The media will  suppress the  news, but  
theyy  cannot prevent neighbors from chatting with one another or gossiping 
on the  Internet. The word getss  out. 

Glowing Ships  

Sightings will  become more dramatic as  the  Awakening progresses, and 
this  iss  byy  intent. Initial  UFO sightings were of  silveryy  crafts,,  hovering with  
apparent mastery of  the  force of  gravity,,  streaking rapidly, and  with  the  
abilityy  to  change direction instantly or  otherwise maneuver inn  a  manner 
unlike man-made crafts. These sightings posed  enough questions to  those 
with an open mind that  no further encouragement was needed. Those with a  
closed mind refused to  believe that  what others were talking  about,  or 
perhaps what theyy  had  seen with  their  own eyes, was anything but  a  man- 
made aircraft, a  meteor, or their  imagination! To  encourage these humans to  

100 



Sightings 

enter the  discussion that  iss  becoming endemic worldwide, we and others 
involved in  the  Awakening process have moved to  include glowing crafts 
into  the  sightings that  are increasingly occurring. 

Saucer Shapes 
The flyingg  saucer iss  the  shape  most associated with the  alien presence, 

and  iss  a  term known alll  over the  world. Sometimes the  shape  appears bell  
like,,  with the  dome humped up  inn  the  center. Humans who recall being  
ferried about inn  these space shipss  report a  cramped interior,  especially iff  the  
shipp  iss  normally used byy  aliens of  a  smaller build than  the  average human. 
The  rim  of  the  space shipp  also  seems to  be  unused space. What iss  the  pur- 
pose of  thee  saucer shape,  or iss  thiss  simply  an aesthetic choice? During travel 
throughout the  universe, there are issues more important than appearances or  
esthetics. 

Saucers 

Space  shipss  emerge from a  higher  density,  which allows them rapidd  
travel  at  a  speed  exponentially higher  than that  which a  lower density would 
allow. Coming out of  a  higher  density,  the  space shipp  and  itss  inhabitants 
must expect to  encounter alll  manner of  possibilities. Space  flightt  or even 
local hops  incorporate production of  an internal gravity  center so that  the  
passengers are not tossed about. The saucer shape,  or itss  variant, the  bell  
shape,  supports the  technology for  production of  a  gravity  center. Itt  iss  no 
accident that  the  planets inn  your solar system linee  up  inn  essentially the  same 
plane..  The saucer shape  simulates this,,  with the  edges  of  the  saucer acting  as  
the  outer planets inn  a  solar  system’s planetary plane.  

Ball  UFO 

Space  craft  are not round,  as inn  a  ball..  Ufologists will  report that  thee  
crafts reported upon invariably have a  flattened or  nearly  flattened bottom. 
Spherical objects  cannot have a  stabilized gravityy  centralization akin  ttoo  what 

a  flatt  bottomed craft  can. A  spherical object,,  with aa  gravityy  bottom ppooiinntt  ooff  

one tinnyy  partt  of  the  globe,,  would wobble about! A  flatt,,  or  relatively flatt,,  
bottom givess  many points  of  reference. 

101 



Zetatalk 

Plasma Shipss  

Among the  false  reports of  UFO sightings are those that  report  glowing 

ships,,  termed plasma shipss..  The implication iss  thatt  these shipss  are alive  and  

throbbing, and  thatt  thee  occupants are flowing about within as  though swim- 

ming  inn  lightt..  The concept of  a  plasma shipp  iss  illogical,  as  beings  inn  lighhtt  

form do  not  need ships..  These reported sightings are false.  

Triangular UFO 

An oftt  reported UFO shape  iss  the  triangle,  a  shipp  that  looks a  bitt  likee  a  
fatt  boomerang. Triangular UFOs are not  alien,,  but  are simply  a  type  of  
airshipp  produced by  the  U.S. government, inn  secret. 

Triangular UFOs are being  seen worldwide at  this  time,  to  build a  
debunking case against  alll  the  mass sightings also  occurring worldwide, inn  
case thiss  debunking should be  deemed necessary to  stop  a  panic  over the  
alien  presence. Should such a  panic  occur, the  U.S. military would hold a  
press conference and  unveil thee  new stealth plane,,  whereupon the  media 
would announce with  great  fanfare that  UFOs have been explained away! To  
prepare forr  such a  debunking, these stealth planes  are sent forth  to  coincide 
either with a  sighting or slightly  after..  Media coverage of  any  mass sighting  
invariably includes either speculation that  thee  UFO was this  familiar trianglee  
shapee  or  statements to  thiss  effect. In  matters of  thiss  cover-up, they’ve gott  
themselves covered! 

H+e 

1022 



Contact 

yoe}Uu0D



ute? ene thie Gaal rept5  gl Me 

con ies ber thesé <iqee ate alive +] 
ving shone bis ds sgir's 

aeiegy 32 LiLo, ae re ie gan 2 

eo a 
_ 

= Fil cai = 
wolfei e xe ‘eet es 

opens: LIPS a Seine motn worlds AT ile Sve of 
drpuise cease against cos Sree ano Occ wrry WOR 

e this 4d eb mie i eel} ‘tS here 9 *D Moy o Tana e 

; Lieu preacece, Shgald sock var ty, Mee \°3 , epltceye wquieBl e 
7 prete (Cinlesyrce ONS oN t tafe Sex ie mnedis 

aos oor 71> “Fea ‘See e res y 

errs RY lob & ite hep, wees Cieel © woah Wt £20 om: 

3 Da Siu aigE7 SE aR i tl 

: myvaroy lochadty eyhe> sp alataeey eal rg UFOS a bas 
= shard « tirvacob & thie Med fe foanets il dis 68 t 

henseives ¢everagf << » re re 5em 



17  
Visitations 

Your Earth iss  fertile and  fulll  of  lifee,,  an endless source of  interest to  the  
cCurious visitor. Just  as travelers on longg  sea voyages, or trekking longg  
distances over continents, were lost  to  their  human families, justt  so these 
visitors on occasion lostt  their  moorings. They  died,,  and  their  companions 
were not able  to  locate their  remains. Dead tissue iss  dead tissue,  and itt  does 
not speak  but  rather blends into  the  surrounding forest or swamp, lostt  to  
those anxiously looking for  aa  companion. Humans are aware that  their 
technology iss  not perfect,  and  this  lack  of  perfection iss  always present. The 
phone may be  but  a  fingertip away and  the  ambulance can come at  a  
moment’s notice,  but  iff  one’s portable phone  iss  broken when one iss  dyingg  
away from home, then one may never be  found! 

Most often the  bones of  visitors are not recognized forr  what theyy  are,  as 
theyy  are thought to  be  remains of  an animal of  some sort. Remains are also  
usually  disturbed byy  scavengers, eaten and  dragged  or  thrown about so that  
an intact section cannot be  pieced  together.  Any  remains that  would tend to  
look hominoid, but  not  human, would frighten  a  human coming upon them,  
and  these types  of  situations tend  to  result inn  active denial. The  remains are 

1055 



ZetaattTaalk 

leftt  where theyy  are found, and  even iff  documented and  pressed upon col-  

leagues, denial prevents them from beingg  taken seriously. Iff  forr  no other  

reason, denial occurs because the  researchers have difficulty realizing theyy  

are not  alone,  not  thee  firstt  or  most intelligent conscious species  inn  the  uni-  

verse, not the  masters of  alll  theyy  survey. One looks the  other way, walks 

away, and  then  forgets  to  mention thee  find  inn  their  report. 

Light  FoForrmm 

Wise and  massive entities, almost invariably inn  the  service-to-others 
orientation, appear as balls  of  lighhtt  so their  human contacts can mentally 
register  their  presence. Humans sense these entities well before theyy  see 
them in  lighhtt  form,  as the  lighhtt  form iss  assumed onlyy  as  aa  type  of  dress to  
allow thee  human to  better comprehend the  situation. The contactee strongly 
senses someone inn  thee  room, or nearby, even though  the  contactee may be  
quitee  alone byy  alll  appearances. This sense that  someone else  iss  present iss  so  
strong that  the  contactee may actually  glance  around, disbelieving what their  
eyes are tellingg  them. Itt  iss  for  thiss  reason that  these entities assume a  lighhtt  
form,  so that  the  contactee can relate  to  what iss  happening and gett  down to  
business. 

Human spiritss  are sensed, as ghosts,  as  a  lighhtt  cooling of  thee  tempera- 
ture or  perhaps aa  visagee  of  thee  human as  itt  appeared during  itss  lastt  incarna- 
tion.  This inn  no way relates to  how the  entityy  iss  shaped  at  present, but  iss  an 
impression thee  formerly human spiriitt  iss  giving  to  the  human at  the  scene—I 
looked likee  this..  Temperature changes are due to  the  discarnate entityy  
desiring  to  influence the  scene, and  beingg  inexperienced at  how to  do  this..  

Ugly  Aliens 
One’s interpretation of  beauty iss  influenced byy  what one iss  familiar 

with,,  and iss  also  directed byy  the  life-form’s built-in self-defense instincts. 
Humans instinctively avoid food that  iss  rotten, and  are attracted to  food that  
smells fresh. Men see beauty in  women who have fulll  hipss,,  slender waists, 
and  ample  bosoms—all traits  that  indicate the  abilityy  and  readiness to  bear  
young. Both sexes find  a  diseased partner unattractive—a safeguard against  
spreading infections or perpetuating genetic  diseases. In  some primitive  

1066 



Visitations 

parts of  the  world tattoos or pictorial scarification iss  considered strikingly 
attractive, but  inn  other cultures where clothing of  alll  kinds iss  abundant, such 
use of  the  skin  as an outer garment would be  shunned. 

Thus, when contactees report visits from life-forms that  startle or even 
horrify  them, this  iss  not an indication of  malevolent intent. A  life-form that  
looked like  a  slime-covered horned toad or  an amphibious octopus iss  not a  
life-form humans would instinctively cuddle up  to.  Humans, due  to  their  
evolutionary roots, are inclined to  think about dinner oorr  avoidance wwhheenn  
encountering such creatures, not about communion. The globall  shift  inn  
thinking that  humans make when realizing that  theyy  are not alone as  an 
intelligent species  includes contemplating what thiss  means. Itt  does not mean 
sittingg  around a  table chatting with other very human-looking aliens,  an 
image  the  media has  portrayed. Humans should bear inn  mind,  when making 
these adjustments, that  their  appearance may be  justt  as  disgusting to  their  
visitors. 

Identification 

Visitations are occurring between literally  hundreds of  alien  groups and  
human contactees. The hand of  the  various groups can sometimes be  seen inn  
thee  type  of  endeavor undertaken byy  the  human who gave The Call.  For 
instance, Pleiadeans are intent on educating humans inn  the  pleasant nature of  
fourth-density service-to-others existence, the  sense of  community and  thee  
potential forr  being  playful and  having fun.  The Sirians are more warlike, 
have this  history  in  their  past,  and  take  The Call from humans who could use 
logistical advice during confrontations. Nordics are very scientific and 
intellectual, and dislike the  spotlight. They  thus work behind the  scenes, and  
their contactees are never heard of..  

In  meeting or dealing  with a  non-human entityy,,  whether thiss  iss  a  spiriitt  
you onlyy  converse with on an ethereal level or an entityy  with embodiment 
that  you encounter during  contacts, you must judge  forr  yourself whether thiss  

iss  an encounter with the  service-to-self or  service-to-others orientation. 

There are no measures thatt  serve as  an easy  answer. There are no rules  that  

can quickly  be  applied  to  the  situation forr  an easy  resolution to  confusion. 
The  righhtt  solution to  thee  situation facing  you,  as a  human, thiss  minute, iss  
something you  must determine. For  some, thiss  iss  painful..  Some humans, 

1077 



Zetatalk 

faced with thiss  perplexing dilemma and  used  to  the  rigorous answers that  

their  religious ideology givess  to  them, feell  naked and  alone.  Contactee 

Confusion 

Contactees, regardless of  their  conscious awareness of  their  status, find  

themselves inn  a  puzzling world. Human society  has  scarcely become com- 

fortable with the  concept of  telepathy, ridiculing those who claim that  thiss  

form  of  communication exists even when proven inn  a  controlled laboratory 

setting..  The concept of  spiritss,,  such as  ghosts  or  reincarnation or possession, 

iss  considered inn  the  realm of  tales  rather than  the  reporting of  factt,,  especially 

as  spirittss  leave no mark or footprints. What cannot be  physically restrained 
does not exist,,  inn  the  minds of  many, so brain waves or spiriitt  forms are 
speculative. Where does this  leave the  contactee, who inn  many cases has  
begun to  have Out-Of-Body Experiences (OOBEs) to  cloud the  picture  as 
well? 

Contactees who have not yett  realized their status, or who have not yett  
sorted out memories from the  spiriitt  from memories stored in  the  corporeal 
mind, can be  highly  confused. At  firstt,,  memories from thee  incarnated spiritt,,  
who may return from an OOBE bearing information from another place,,  are 
considered to  be  dayy  dreams, and  untill  the  contactee finds their  dayy  dream 
was aa  realittyy  thiss  explanation iss  not questioned. At  firstt,,  the  contactee’s 
subconscious memories of  visitations are treated as an overactive imagina- 
tion,,  perhaps influenced byy  the  media which increasingly carries stories 
about visitations, but  then  signss  such as scars that  appear overnight begin  to  
intrude. At  firstt,,  increased telepathic abilities are a  curiosity, and  then  
accepted byy  the  contactee, who may ascribe most of  their  unusual knowledge 
to  such a  route rather than facing  the  prospect of  visitations or  OOBEs. 

However, when the  contactee adjusts  to  the  concept of  spiriitt  forms that  
ccaann  move iinn  and  out  of  corporeal bodies, and  visitations that  can occur soul-  
to-soul while thee  soul  of  the  contactee iss  incarnated, or out  and  about during  
an OOBE, then theyy  invariably develop the  abilityy  to  differentiate these 
experiences. In  general, telepathically gathered information iss  limited inn  itss  
scope, relaying a  singlee  concept or  picture.  Information gathered during  an 
OOBE iss  comprehensive, but  the  corporeal mind will  digestt  what itt  learns 
from thee  returning spiriitt  in  stages, so that  the  bottom linee  iss  learned firstt  and 
the  details filter  in  later.  Subconscious memories of  visitations playy  out 
during  recall with fulll  sound and  color,  as  you say,,  so that  thee  memory 

1088 



Visitations 

unfolds like  a  movie. Thus experienced contactees who have sorted out the  
alternate realities find  their lives no more confusing than a  shopper discover- 
ingg  clothing on the  racks from different countries and inn  different styleess..  
After a  while,  itt  alll  seems quitee  normal. 

Initiation and Orientation 

In  human society  initiation or inclusion rites  frequently bound the  onset 
of  a  special  status, such as baptism, marriage, military induction, public  
service, or entry  into a  profession or trade. The human so bounded knows 
when this  status begins, as do  others. Likewise, the  termination of  a  status iss  
bounded byy  ritess,,  such as  a  funeral, divorce, discharge, termination notice, or 
ban.  But contactees have had no initiation rite..  Since theyy  can’t be  sure of  
the  beginning, can theyy  be  sure of  the  end? How can theyy  tell?  Since the  
beginning and end are under the  control of  the  human giving The Call,,  the  
contacts can end  as quickly as theyy  started. Just  announce your change of  
heart. Just state your desire to  make itt  a  wrap. Just say  no. It’ss  as simple as 
that.  Whether the  contact has  been,  at  your request, from the  orientation of  
service-to-self or the  service-to-others, the  results are the  same. You are no 
longer  a  contactee. 

A  small number of  contactees, those who we anticipate will  act  as  
catalysts during the  Awakening, are shown line-ups of  alien  life-forms. This 
gradual orientation, which iss  done in  stages so as not to  overwhelm the  
contactee, usually progresses from hominoid life-forms to  life-forms humans 
have never encountered on Earth. In  between are reptilian life-forms or 
water creatures such as a  jellyfish or an octopus. Our emissary, Nancy, has  
been presented with such lineups,  and  relayed  these experiences inn  her  own 
words within ZetaTalk. The contactee may or may not consciously remem- 
ber  these orientation sessions, depending on how actively  theyy  seek to  
establish recall.  Nevertheless, theyy  are oriented, and  when an opportunity ttoo  

communicate theirr  understanding arises,,  theyy  are quickk  ttoo  helpp  tthheeiirr  ffeelllloowwss  

to  a  broader view. 

Invariably, there iss  initial  shock at  the  wide varietyy  of  intelligent life--  
forms. Humans tend  to  gett  through  thee  lineupp  of  hominoids with  littlee  
trouble, become stunned when theyy  firstt  encounter life-forms not  known on 
Earth,,  and  progress to  a  tolerance forr  almost anything thereafter. 

1099 



Zetatalk 

Mutual Fears 

Often reported  byy  some contact therapists and  dramatized inn  thee  media 

iss  thee  frightened contactee—screaming, running, hiding,,  and  inn  generall  

exhibiting allll  thee  characteristics of  a  trapped animal inn  aa  state of  panic..  

What’s goingg  on here? Have these contactees changed their  minds, and  can 

theyy  back out att  the  lastt  minute? 

A  human who givess  The Call  can end  a  visitation at  any pointt..  They  are 

inn  control. What iss  occurring iss  mixed feelings,  aa  very common and  almost 

everyday situation forr  most humans. Look to  the  moment when a  young 
person iss  about to  lose  hiss  or her  virginity, or to  ask  for  another’s hand inn  
marriage, or  to  begin  an important jobb  interview, or to  go  off  the  highh  dive  
forr  thee  firstt  time,  or to  eat  fishh  eggs or snails forr  the  firstt  time,,  or to  go  to  the  
dentist forr  the  yearly  checkup, or  to  find  the  onset of  labor with  thee  wanted 
child beginning, or to  signn  on the  dotted linee  to  purchase a  car,  or  to  gett  on an 
airplane once again,,  or to  invite the  in-laws over for  dinner, or  to  gett  their  
hair  cut  radically short—are these  not moments exhibiting mixed feelings? 

Contactees exhibiting fear  of  contact are not statingg  theyy  wish forr  the  
visitation to  end.  Iff  thiss  were trulyy  thee  case, itt  would end,,  promptly. They  
are simply statingg  that  theyy  are nervous about some aspect  of  the  visitation. 
They  are chatting with aliens,  a  presence those inn  authority have refused to  
even acknowledge. They  are going  off  with strangers, something their 
mother told  them never to  do.  They  are going  in  alone,  and  forr  many hu-  
mans, who wouldn’t even venture to  the  local bar  without companions, thiss  
inn  and  of  itself iss  a  bigg  step..  They  are anticipating mild physical discomfort, 
iff  theyy  are a  volunteer inn  the  hybrid  program. And theyy  may have requested 
frank information on the  Transformation but  be  anticipating, correctly, that  
this  will  not  be  sugar coated. 

Contactees also  sometimes report that  their visitors also  seem wary oorr  
almost frightened of  them. Well,  of  course theyy  are wary, as  few intelligent 
species have the  innate capacity forr  blind rage that  Homo sapiens does,  a  
capacity that  can surprise the  human as  much as the  visitor. Large  males are 
frequently paralyzed earlyy  inn  the  visitation process, to  avoid the  physicall  
chaos that  results from flyingg  fistss,,  swinging arms, and  flungg  objects. As 
blind rage iss  triggered byy  the  fear  response, those contactees dealing with 
intense fear  will  see their fear  reflected inn  the  face  of  their visitors, who are 
preparing to  deal  with a  possible explosion. 

1100 



Visitations 

Children 

Those who are alarmed byy  thee  trends the  Transformation iss  taking  are 
particularly alarmed about what theyy  term the  abduction of  children. Beyond 
the  apprehension that  something wretched might be  happening to  a  vulner- 
able and  impressionable child iss  a  very different alarm—that we are getting 
them young and  there iss  no way theyy  can stop  itt..  Cases where youngsters 
have been harmed by  contact with aliens inn  the  Service-to-others orientation 
are nonexistent, nosebleeds and interrupted sleepp  notwithstanding. Those inn  
tthhee  sseerrvviiccee--ttoo--sseellff  aarree  not allowed to  affect the  physical environment of  a  
child,  as  given  their nature theyy  would surely  attempt to  maximize terror in  
those too young to  have perspective. They  are onlyy  allowed to  answer The 
Call  from a  youngster on an intellectual basis—a conference. 

From our perspective, as  service-to-others visitors,  contact with chil-  
dren iss  no different from contact with adults. We are essentially speaking to  
the  entity,,  the  spiritt  within. From our perspective, dealing with humans iss  to  
some degree  like  dealing  with children anyway. Where the  young human has  
not gained wisdom on how the  world works, a  frame of  reference, theyy  are 
vastly  more open to  see a  situation for  what itt  is..  They don’t wear blinders. 
They  don’t have preconceptions. They  don’t have a  vested interest inn  the  
status quo. 

First Meeting 

Nancy had  a  typical  firstt  meeting with ourselves, the  service-to-others 
Zetas,  and  will  telll  you the  story..  

I  went down into  thee  swamps aa  lot..  There were so many frogs  inn  
thee  swamp. I'’d  be  gone forr  hours. Nobody would know where I  was 
because the  trees were bigg..  I  was a  little girll..  II  was very curious about 
animals and I  would be  very quiet  and watch forr  them. I’m  standing stilll  
and have that  feeling  going up  my spinee  that  you do  when you know 
somebbooddyy’ s around but  you don t  know where theyy  are or who theyy  are. I  
cann tt  see what itt  iss  that  I  feell  nervous about, but  out off  thee  corner off  my 
eeyyee  II  sseeee  aa  movement, from  the  lefftt,,  coming out from  behind aa  tree. 
Somebody justt  steps  out from  behind a  tree. It’’ss  one off  these skinny  guys, 
very gray, lighhtt  gray actually,.  Theyy  almost look  smaller than  me. So  
many wild creatures are very quiett,,  likee  deer,,  theyy  onlyy  show themselves 

1C3141 



ZetaTalk 

when theyy  feeell  safee..  So  I’m  not  alarmed byy  this..  I  think a  couple off  them 

come up,,  fromm  thee  rightt  and  thee  lefftt  off  me, from  behind, and  take  my 

elbows. I’m stsitillll not alarmed because I'’m  justt  not getting  any  vibes from  

them that  are hostile. 

I'm  seeing  some sort off  a  disk  shape,,  small. Theres’ reallyy  onlyy  

three or fourr  off  these guys. It'ss  a  small disk  shape,,  maybe 12 2 feett  across, 

not that  large..  I’m  pretty  curious. I  guess my initial reaction was more 

curiosity than  fearr..  I’m  tryingg  to  figure  out what thiss  iiss..  II  ddoonntt  ffeeeell  
anything hostile. Itt  seems as iff w e justt  walk toward that  shipp,,  and there s  
a  ramp that’ss  lett  down from  itt..  I  dont think I’m  doing  any resisting. 
Theyy  seem to  be  interested inn  my head and my hands and my wrists. 
Theyy  seem to  be  examining my hands and my wrists, the  way my wrists 
bend. They  seem to  be  putting their  hands on either side  off  mmy  head,  
almost likee  they’re  sizing  itt..  Curious littlee  creatures, very gray., lighhtt  
gray, even Sslightly  smaller than I  am, although I  couldn t  have been more 
than  eightt  years old  or so. One off  them looks at  me, puts  hiss  ffaace  close 
to  mine, eye  contact I  guess, and seems to  be  tryingg  to  communicate 
something. Maybe he’s  saying,  “Do you  know why  we 'r‘ere here? Do you 
know what we want?” Maybe it’’ss  because I’'m  not afraidd,,  maybe that’s 
what he’s  thinking,  that  I  already know. I'’m  justt  trying  to  search and  
findd  if  II k now. But  I  justt  keep  thinking they'’re  reallyy  curious littlee  
creatures. 

Theres something at  the  side  thatt  looks likee  a littlee  tray  at  the  
dentists officee  where theyy  have thiss  littlee  mirror on a  stick and thingss  
likee  that..  It’ss  offf to o  thee  right-hand side,,  and  itt  makes mee j ujsustt  a  tinnyy  bitt  
nervous to  think about that..  I  think  maybe they're  going to  do  something 
with my rightt  forearm, like  when someone takes blood or something like  
that,,  poke  around in  your forearm aa  littlee  bit..  Itt  seems as iff  I  layy  back 
down on aa  table,  but  itt  wasnt reallyy  flatt,,  something more like  a  chaise 
lounge.  They've got  my head at  an angle  and do  something to  my 
forehead. Its’  a  littlee  bitt  sore, but  it’ss  a  very dull  ache. I'’mma a littlee  more 
distracted. I  telll  them I  want to  go  back to  my frogss  and he  says, “We'll 
be  back.” 

—HHo- 

1it122 



18  
Recall 

Pe Pe Pe 
Beyond the  rules we are required to  follow, we are dealing  almost 

exclusively with our contactees onlyy  inn  the  subconscious because of  your 
society’s resistance to  our presence, to  the  alien  presence. Conscious recall 
puts  contactees at  odds with society,  which iss  stressful. Until latelyy,,  itt  could 
also  be  extremely dangerous, as your government punished those who spoke  
of  their  experiences. Subconscious memories of  our face-to-face meetings 
are as  effective as a  fulll  conscious memory. The distress a  schism between 
the  conscious and  subconscious causes a  human occurs when the  human 
finds  theyy  justt  up  and  do  something where theyy  previously didn’t know theyy  
had  thiss  intention. However, this  type  of  behavior occurs inn  humans who 
don’t have any contact with ourselves, the  Zetas, so itt  iss  not unique to  
contactees. 

Recall 

During face-to-face contact we disconnect thee  conscious. These 
memories are not recorded at  alll  inn  your conscious, which iss  a  different part  ..  
of  your brain from your subconscious. Many contactees recall their  visita- 
tions as  a  dream, as the  recall starts during  a  semi-sleep state,  during  that  
time  when one iss  justt  dropping off  to  sleepp  or waking up.  However, there are 
characteristics that  mark thee  recall as  other than  a  dream. The dream seems 
vivid,,  so real,,  and  includes elements not normally inn  dreams such as  sounds 

T11S3 



Zetatalk 

and  smells. These dreams are usually  so vivid as  to  wake thee  drowsy con- 

tactee. Some contactees remember immediately, and  think theyy  have been 

aware alll  along..  Inn  factt,,  thiss  iss  not what occurs, but  rather immediately after  

the  visitation thee  contactee connects the  memory inn  thee  subconscious to  the  

conscious. This  process iss  similar to  the  physiological process humans use to  

restore their  pastt  after  amnesia periods.  Essentially, forr  the  conscious mind, 

thiss  iss  like  a  first-time experience, with  new memory links established. Itt  

feels  like  daydreaming, and  most often occurs inn  justt  thatt  way. The contactee 

finds himself musing att  some point,,  about aliens or space shipss,,  and then  

begins  to  wonder. They  gett  an interest inn  the  subject,,  gather  books and  joinn  

groups, and  talk  intensely to  others. All  thiss  increases the  rate  of  remember- 
ingg,,  as  one thingg  leads to  another. 

When a  contactee remembers, these conscious memories are being  built  
forr  the  firstt  time,,  so there iss  an escalation process that  occurs. Whether while 
analyzing a  dream, or daydreaming, or under hypnosis, the  process iss  essen- 
tialllyy  the  same. A  fragment pops up  inn  the  conscious mind, connected firmly  
to  the  subconscious, but  att  firstt  not connected to  any  other conscious memo- 
ries..  However, as the  fragment will  contain some clues to  other partss  of  the  
conscious, building connections to  the  conscious begins. Wasn’t that  the  
borrowed robe worn that  nightt  spent  at  CoCuosusiinn Joe’s on a  spontaneous 
overnight stay??  Isn’t  that  the  childhood chum, whom one built  a  tree house 
with inn  the  woods behind the  school? Might  the  sharpp  bitee  of  painn  and 
temporary soreness, recalled as  a  tissue sample iss  taken from the  back of  the  
legg,,  relate to  that  odd scar that  seemed to  justt  appear one day?  

Aware contactees, who have done their  digging about in  the  subcon- 
scious and  have built  a  solid  base inn  their  conscious minds, almost always try  
to  figuree  out  ways to  recall righhtt  after  a  visit..  They  notice certain correla- 
tions. The odd and untimely desire to  take  a  solitary  walk in  the  woods, the  
sense that  something iss  different at  this  moment from justt  the  moment before. 
Contactees most often know well ahead of  time about a  pending visit,,  and  
their desire to  be  alone,  inn  the  woods or wherever, iss  due  to  their plann  to  sort 
thiss  alll  out afterwards. They  arrange a  peaceful time for  themselves. Going 
into  aa  visitt,,  the  contactee iss  aware, telepathically, of  the  agenda. For in--  
stance, iff  alll  are going  to  discuss aa  project the  contactee iss  working on,  a  
problem which the  contactee has  requested assistance on,  thee  contactee might  
suddenly find  himself musing about a  solution he  had not  thought of  before, 
and  feelingg  lesss  worried. This iss  a  solid clue  that  a  visit  has  occurred. 

1144 



Recall 

Sometimes the  contactee realizes theyy  have justt  returned iff  their body  
jerks,,  or reacts inn  a  startle response, for  no reason. As we frequently use the  
paralyzed state to  transport contactees, there iss  often a  reaction to  having this  
state lifted. The body  reacts, sometimes by  being  too relaxed forr  a  standing 
position and thus  suddenly adjusting the  body  musculature to  support the  
stance, and  sometimes reacting to  the  sudden stimulation with aa  startle reflex. 
This too  iss  a  solid clue  that  a  visit  has  justt  occurred. 

Many contactees find  that,,  tryy  as  theyy  may, theyy  cannot recall their 
visitations as other contactees seem to  do..  All  manner of  attempts, including 
professional hypnosis, will  be  tried  to  no avail. What’s going  on here? In  
human society,  and  in  particular inn  many contactees’ lives,,  there iss a  conflict 
about the  alien presence and  thus  there can be  a  conflict within the  contactee. 
Does the  spouse believe that  man iss  not alone and  iss  being  visited byy  beings  
from other worlds? Iss  the  employer ultra-conservative, such that  a  sliipp  of  the  
tongue inn  the  coffee room will  place  doubts inn  the  employer’s mind about the  
contactee’s eligibility for  promotion? Iss  the  family  supportive, the  friends 
accepting, or will  the  contactee find  theyy  are increasingly treated as an 
eccentric and  leftt  out of  social plans?  Where the  contactee fears  repercus- 
sions inn  his  life  he  will  tend  to  block. 

Signs  

Contactees deal with  many doubts. The issues of  maintaining an 
element of  doubt,  necessary so  that  thee  Awakening can proceed without 
raising the  level of  anxiety and  fear  inn  the  populace, seems unnecessary to  
many contactees, who would welcome some reassurance. Even inn  the  face  of  
confirmation from the  books theyy  read and  friends theyy  meet at  contact 
groups, many contactees find  their  need forr  reassurance becoming a  burning 
issue. This pointt  iss  often reached when the  contactees determine to  make 
changes inn  their lives because of  their  convictions, and  cannot explain  their  
decisions to  family  and  friends. They  know theyy  will  be  considered eccentric 
at  best  forr  the  steps  theyy  plan,,  and  beyond wanting something to  show others 
as  rationale, theyy  simply want something solidd  to  clingg  to  during  thee  lonely  
times when theyy  are subject to  ridicule. Give me a  signn,,  theyy  ask.  What has  

meaning for  one person iss  meaningless to  another, so personal  signss  are often 

given  to  individual contactees at  the  crossroads where normal livingg  iiss  about 

to  be  leftt  behind and  dedication taken up..  Personal signss  have great  signifi--  

cance to  the  person, but  byy  their  nature cannot be  used as  proof  of  thee  alienn  

1155 



Zetatalk 

presence. One person may findd  their  shoes lined  up  on aa  different sidee  of  thee  

closet,,  something theyy  would never do..  Another may find  thatt  bagg  of  chipss  

theyy  intended to  buy  but  forgott  suddenly appearing on thee  counter top..  Yet  

another might  find  their  beard clipped, a  routine of  personal hygiene  done 

weekly but  not  yett  done thiss  pastt  week. The person iss  momentarily stunned, 

then  combs through thee  recent pastt  to  see iff  theyy  might  have forgotten. 

The signn  iss  understood forr  what itt  iss,,  based on the  intensity of  the  

contactee’s anguish goingg  into  the  signn  and  their  often adamant cries  forr  a  

signn  of  some kind.  The  two go  together.  Signs  are always givenn  when the  

contactee least  expects them,  sometimes after  theyy  have given  up  hopee  of  

gettingg  their  request answered. This iss  to  ensure that  thee  contactee iss  not led  
astray as to  thee  nature of  the  alien  presence. As  we are byy  the  rules  restrained 
from interfering with the  conduct of  human affairs,  we do  not wish to  lead  
our contactees into  believing that  we can be  relied upon to  respond. Signss  
are also  given  inn  a  manner that  iss  meaningless to  anyone but  the  contactee, 
and  most contactees clearlyy  recognize this  and  do  not tryy  to  impress or 
convince others. Nevertheless, for  the  individual, the  signn  theyy  have been 
givenn  has  deep  meaning. 

Physical Signs  

Unique to  alien implants iss  their  capacity to  cause what many contact- 
ees describe as  aa  jolltt  or buzz inn  thee  brain,  a  sensation theyy  cannot biologically 
reconcile. Some contactees seek medical advice, convinced theyy  have a  
brain tumor or,,  iff  theyy  experience a a momentary loss  of  muscular control, 
perhaps epilepsy.  Implants are locating devices, allowing the  contactee to  be  
quickly located priorr  to  a  visitation. The  devices respond to  aa  signall  sent inn  
alll  directions, an answering call..  To  generate thee  signal,,  the  implant utilizes 
the  nervous system, which operates byy  electrical impulses of  a  sort,,  and thus  
iss  detectable to  the  contactee. A  temporary disruption of  local nerve traffic,,  
alongg  with aa  local reaction to  the  strength of  the  signall  sent through brain,  
bone,  and muscle. Within a  dead body,,  the  implant would not respond to  the  
locating  signal,  thus  informing thee  visitors of  a  death,  but  in  any  case theyy  
eventually learn of  the  death of  their  contactee via  spiritual  routes. Implants 
also  respond with a  unique signal,  generated from the  DNA of  the  contactee, 
so thatt  the  implant response confirms not onlyy  that  the  contactee iss  alive but  
that  the  implant iss  stilll  located within the  proper body.  Thus,  when contact- 

1166 



Recall 

ees experience a a jolltt  or buzz inn  the  brain,  theyy  should not be  alarmed. All  iss  
working as intended, and what theyy  are experiencing confirms their link  to  
the  visitors theyy  have asked to  meet. 

The ear iss  a  sensitive organ, designed to  alert  the  human to  aa  loss  of  
balance as well as  serving as  the  hearing sense. Loss of  balance, or falling,  iss  
sensed by  a  change inn  blood pressure, the  delicate difference between what iss  
going  on in  one side  of  the  head versus the  other. This dual role  of  the  ears 
involves the  ear in  visitations inn  a  way that  confuses many contactees— 
ringing  inn  the  ears, temporary losss  of  hearing,  painn  inn  the  ears, or  excessive 
drainage from thee  ears due  to  such  irritations. During visitations the  human 
may be  suddenly taken on a  quick  triipp  to  a  ship,,  and  iff  the  human iss  afraid of  
heights thiss  can be  alarming, raising  the  blood pressure. The  human may be  
paralyzed forr  ease of  passage and  to  reduce anxieties. But when coming out 
of  thiss  state,  which iss  a  natural state akin to  what an opossum assumes when 
playing  ‘possum, the  human may have sudden changes inn  blood pressure as  
thee  body  adjusts  to  being  alert again..  

Frequently contactees report a  knocking sound preceding their  visita- 
tions,  and  almost invariably interpret thiss  as  a  signall  of  some kind. Humans, 
of  course, knock on doors, tapp  out Morse Code, beat  on drums to  send 
messages through the  wilderness, and  tapp  their feet  or  drum their fingers  to  
express impatience. Iff  theyy  hear knocking, what else  could itt  be?  Density 
shifting iss  most often silent,,  with onlyy  the  airspace disturbed. A  shipp  sud- 
denly  appearing highh  inn  the  skyy,,  displacing a  few molecules of  thin  airr,,  
creates at  most a  lighhtt  change inn  thee  breeze. Large  or sudden displacement of  
airr  can create sound, as thunder clapss  following a  lighting flash  attest. 
Arriving or maneuvering aliens,  who do  not arrive alll  att  once lestt  theyy  
collide with each  other at  thee  staging point,,  create sudden movement inn  the  
airr  space inn  confined or delimited settings. Clap,,  clap,,  the  aliens hhaavvee  

arrived! 

Staged Visitations 

The abilityy  to  retain a a memory after  an incident iiss  greatly  aaffffeecctteedd  bbyy  

blood or brain chemistry, a  factt  well  known not onlyy  to  thee  medical profes-  

sion  but  to  intelligence agencies which use injections to  cause their  interroga- 
tion  subjects to  forgett  thatt  their  civill  righttss  were abused. 

1177 



Zetatalk 

These simple  means of  allowing a a memory to  be  partiallyy  retained have 

recently moved into  thee  private  sphere,,  where members of  the  establishment, 
what iss  commonly known as  the  New World Order crowd, use injections or 
drugs  to  induce confusion inn  humans theyy  wish to  influence regarding the  
alien  presence. Certain humans, who by  virtue of  inherited wealth or by  
virtue of  their  professional position or abilityy  to  influence public  thinking, are 
targeted. Since most contactees remember onlyy  partss  of  their  visitations, thiss  
group allows their  targets to  retain aa  memory of  onlyy  part  of  their  fraudulent 
visitation. 

They  pickk  thee  target  up  byy  one rouse or another or byy  virtually kidnap- 
ping  them,  injectt  them with a  drugg  that  causes complete memory loss  of  the  
incident, putt  them into  a  setting  where the  target thinks theyy  are on a  space 
shiipp  or inn  the  presence of  alien  hominoids, and  then  return them home while 
drugged into  a  state of  forgetfulness again..  The target recalls onlyy  the  core 
portion of  thee  incident, and  iss  convinced theyy  have had a  real  visitation. 

118 



19  
Contact Techniques 

Communications to  our contactees include telepathic conversations, 
which the  contactee may or may not  be  aware of..  Telepathic thought, forr  
humans, seems much like  dayy  dreaming. Thoughts jusstt  come intoo  the  
contactee’s head. These conversations differ from dayy  dreaming inn  that  theyy  
have a  conversational element, and  the  contactee may think of  something 
outside of  hiss  personal knowledge. Each human we so  speak  to  iss  different. 
Our telepathic message iss  understood by  a  contactee inn  their  native language, 
iff  words are involved. Long before the  word iss  formed inn  their  mind,  how- 
ever, the  concept iss understood. Words may be  the  firstt  external contact 
humans have with a  concept, but  theyy  are inn  fact  the  end  product of  thee  
conceptualization process. 

Paralyzed State 

The state of  paralysis that  many contactees report iss  common, and  iss  
used not onlyy  as  a  means of  calming and  controlling potentially violent 
contactees but  also  forr  convenience. The paralyzed state iss  very relaxing,  
and  leaves no harmful trace. During travel between thee  Earth and  a  space 

119 



Zetatalk 

shipp,,  through walls,,  and  att  rapidd  speeds,,  humans often preferr  to  be  paralyzed. 

Inn  factt,,  thiss  iss  a  frequent request of  the  constant contactee, as  theyy  find  theyy  

can rest,,  and,,  as  you  say,,  leave thee  driving  to  us.  What iss  going  on inn  the  

state off  paralysis? At  times thee  mind iss  aware, at  times as  though inn  a  deep  

sleepp..  Some contactees report  theyy  can break out  of  the  paralysis, with a  

shout or by  force of  will..  

The mechanism used to  placee  humans intoo  paralysis iss  simple,  and  does 

not involve our technologies or  manipulation of  densities. We are utilizing  

an existing human physiology, something akin to  the  frozen state  that  opos- 

sums take  when frightened. Why  iss  itt  that  humans never playy  ‘possum when 

we or other aliens aren’t around to  induce this?  Itt  iss  because thiss  facilittyy  iss  
deep  within thee  reptilian brain,  and  not connected to  the  middle brain or 
frontal lobes. Humans cannot voluntarily reach this  spot..  But iff  one knows 
where itt  iss,,  and  knows what buttons to  push,  then presto!  

Eye-to-Eye 

Many contactees have reported that  we, the  Zetas, have gone eye-to-eye 
with them during a  visitation, and  have wondered why  thiss  was necessary. 
Doesn’t telepathy communicate ideas more effectively? What does looking 
deeply  into  the  eyes accomplish? Just  as  reading an aura tellss  the  reader 
much about thee  physiology of  the  human, justt  so reading the  eyes conveys 
much. The Zeta have huge  eyes, inn  comparison to  human eyes, but  this  does 
not mean that  we see that  much more than humans. We see differently. Our 
largee  eyes developed inn  what humans would consider dark conditions, justt  as 
Earth creatures that  operate at  nightt  have largee  eyes. We make much of  what 
littlee  lighhtt  we garner, but  likewise our eyes can be  overwhelmed by  too much 
lightt..  Human doctors peek  at  the  retina to  determine illness,,  aass  ffoorr  instance 
the  retina iss  the  firstt  to  display  the  fact  that  hardening of  the  arteries has  
begun. We Zetas likewise take advantage of  thiss  handy  barometer, reading 
what we can of  the  human contactees physical condition—through the  eyes. 

Out-Of-Body 
Some contactees have reported experiencing intermittent invisibility, 

where others inn  the  room seem unaware of  them, or theyy  themselves cannot 
see their  reflections inn  a  mirror or their  hand before their  face.  What iss  being  
reported here  iss  not invisibility but  an OOBE, where the  human iss  unfamiliar 

1200 



Contact Techniques 

with the  experience and does not know what to  make of  itt..  When Out-Of- 
Body,  the  spiritt  collects impressions of  sightt,,  smell,  and even the  sense of  
touch, being  attuned to  this  from itss  residence inn  the  human body,  and  relays  
these to  the  human’s mind upon return, building a a memory. To  the  human, 
this  alll  seems real,,  and theyy  thus  conclude theyy  must have been invisible, as  
indeed theyy  were to  the  other humans inn  the  drama. 

Some contactees have reported beingg  taken Out-Of-Body during  
vviissiittaattiioonnss,,  aass  though theyy  were a a passive participant, but  going  Out-Of-Body 
iss  always the  decision of  the  contactee. The factt  that  OOBEs occur att  alll  
during  visitations speaks to  the  traumatic nature of  visitation. Humans 
experience OOBE inn  association with great  trauma, where theyy  are near 
death or severely injured. Where visitation does not injuree  the  human 
encountering alien  life-forms and  dealing,  for  the  firstt  time,  with concepts 
like  levitation, itt  iss  startling. Some contactees recall seeing  themselves lyingg  
on a  table while a  medical procedure or examination iss  takingg  place,,  appar- 
entlyy  Out-Of-Body during  thiss  distress. OOBEs are not used as  a  deliberate 
type  of  anesthesia, as  OOBE maneuvers are always initiated byy  the  human. 
However, due  more to  alarm at  the  strangeness of  thee  setting,  many contact- 
ees do  go  Out-Of-Body during physical procedures. 

Once having been Out-Of-Body, thee  entityy  incarnating inn  a  human body  
iss  wise,  and not infrequently intrigued. How did  I  do  that? Being  Out-Of- 
Body  offers alll  kinds of  opportunities—instantaneous travel,  through walls,  
and  invisibility. Humans adeptt  att  initiating an OOBE use thiss  frequently to  
gather  information, check on aa  loved one, or jusstt  simply  to  have a  look-see. 
Iss  thiss  good?  Yes  and  no. Where the  human has  not progressed inn  hiss  third- 
density  orientation lesson and  must continue inn  third-density, Out-Of-Body 
can be  aa  distraction from thee  lesson. Itt  iss  an escape. For  thiss  reason we do  
not givee  lessons on how to  achieve an OOBE. 

Soul-to-Soul 

Contactees are aware of  visits  that  involve their  physical bodies,  as  

duringg  recall  theyy  float  through  walls,,  levitate rapidly,,  are inn  a  paralyzed 

state,  feell  the  cold  surface of  an examining table,,  or  have other  such memo- 
ries  inn  the  subconscious mind that  confirm that  a  visitt  occurred. Then there  

are OOBEs, inn  which thee  spiriitt  communicates to  thee  mind inn  concepts thee  
mind can grasp—sights, sounds, and  smells. But  contactees have visitations, 

121 



Zetatalk 

soul-to-soul, thatt  theyy  have no specificc  memory of,,  as the  contact occurredd  

while their  spirriitt  was incarnated. Thus,  sensory memory of  the  visit is  no 

different from the  moments of  the  dayy  the  contactee remembers otherwise. 

Recall will  not change thiss,,  as  there  iss  no treasure inn  the  subconscious 

waiting  to  be  linked up  with  thee  conscious, nor iss  the  spiriitt  waiting for  an 

opportunity to  bringg  thee  mind up  to  date  on where it’ss  been and  what was 

observed. Alll  were inn  the  same place..  No missing time,  no hidden memo- 

riess,,  no recorded OOBE about to  unfold—an in-situ visitation recorded onlyy  

inn  the  soul.  How does the  contactee discern that  thiss  visit  has  occurred? As  

these visits  are so  subtle,,  theyy  can be  discerned onlyy  byy  a  changed attitude on 

the  partt  of  the  contactees, who may develop a  firm  resolve, abandon a  former 
plann  without bitterness or  regret, develop new interests, or initiate revolution- 
ary  changes inn  their lifee..  

Gaining Time 

Much has  been mentioned inn  contactee literature about the  phenomenon 
called missing time,,  where the  contactee finds theyy  simply can’t account for  
an hour or so of  time,,  and  those around them report theyy  were utterlyy  gone 
and  could not be  located anywhere during  that  time. Missing time is.,  of  
course, the  most convenient way a  visitation occurs, as no particular manipu- 
lation of  the  environment need be  done outside of  simply  picking up  the  
contactee and  conducting the  visit..  However, many busy  contactees have 
littlee  room inn  their lives  forr  missing time,,  so resourceful visitors often resort 
to  a  visitation method which could be  called gained  time. Itt  iss  aa  way of  
recording two memories of  the  moment—one reall  and  one a  playback. 

Most contactees, likee  alll  humans, have broad stretches of  time inn  their  
ddaayy  tthhaatt  are essentially wasted time—commutes to  and from work,  standing 
at  a  bus  stop,  reading the  newspaper while someone prepares dinner, or 
watching the  news on TV.  All  these activities take placee  repetitively, each 
day,,  so the  scene iss  more than familiar to  the  contactee. Itt  iss  essentially a  
repeat performance. Thus a  contactee can skipp  the  activities that  would take 
place  during  such aa  stretch of  time,,  and  scarcely notice. In  the  same manner 
that  screen memories are givenn  to  contactees, the  contactee iss  given  a  
memory inn  keeping with the  activity  that  would have occurred. Most often,,  
this  memory iss  simply a  playback of  one theyy  already  have inn  their memory 

1222 



Contact Techniques 

banks, quitee  handy as iitt  iss  available within the  same human brain. Mean- 
while, while the  playback iss  being  recorded inn  the  conscious mind, the  
visitation iss  also  occurring, being recorded inn  the  subconscious. 

Standing In  
During an increasingly busy  Transformation period,  with the  necessity 

of  gathering up  contactees forr  group meetings, the  aliens coordinating these 
group meetings are presented with endless scheduling difficulties. Many 
times when one contactee iss  free  to  have some missing time,,  the  others are 
busy  at  work, as  coordination may span thee  globe.  One way around this  
matter iss  to  gett  an exception from the  Council of  Worlds so that  the  contactee 
can be  moved forward into  the  future forr  the  meeting, then returned, and  thus 
experience no missing time but  rather a  doubling of  time inn  the  near future. 
This iss  seldom done,  due  to  the  administrative complexity. 

Another method available to  the  busy  alien visitors assisting with the  
Transformation iss  what could be  termed a  stand-in, where the  contactee 
thinks theyy  are inn  two places  at  once. Essentially thee  process iss  thatt  the  
contactee iss  picked up  inn  the  normal manner and  taken to  hiss  group meeting. 
During this  time thee  meeting iss  being  recorded inn  his  subconscious, inn  the  
usual manner, and  he  iss,, on a  gutt  level,,  fullyy  aware of  the  meeting content, 
participants, and  any resolve as  a  result of  the  meeting. In  other words, the  
meeting has  taken placee  as usual. Simultaneously an alien steps into  the  
physical surroundings and activities the  contactee would have been involved 
in,,  had  theyy  not been picked  up  forr  the  group meeting. This alien mentally 
records the  events, transferring thiss  mental image with fulll  sighhtt  and  sound 
and sense of  touch to  thee  conscious mind of  the  contactee, who thus  iss  
recording this  consciously as  though  theyy  were there. 

Following the  group meeting, thee  contactees are returned to  their  
settings,  and  theyy  pickk  up  seamlessly inn  thee  ongoing activities, so  that  con- 
sciously theyy  do  not  register  any disruption att  alll..  The activities conducted 
byy  the  stand-in bear the  mark of  thee  contactee, as  while mentally transferring 

the  situation to  the  contactee, the  alien  stand-in iss  also  receiving reactions 

from the  contactee as  to  what stepss  theyy  would take  next,  etc.  This method 
has  some wear and  tear on the  contactee, inn  that  brain chemistry iss  exhausted 

1233 



Zetatalk 

more rapidllyy  than  thee  human’s physiology iss designed to  replenish. Thus,  

s s   r g s    
this method is not used for long periods of time, or done repeatedly within a 

day, unless the situation absolutely requires that such steps be tak
en. 

y, e   t  s   

‘og 
. 

in ai 

Wet 
i 
ft \ 
i { i i 

‘A‘ , it 
il 

J ¥ il 

y ‘, 
¥) }. 
yy # 

if | 
a 
» | 
Ae | 

Wy 
ait 

124 



20  
Density 

Objects inn  third  and fourth density occupy the  same space, as  when 
humans are moved through walls. What you calll  sub-atomic particles move 
at  different frequencies or vibrations. They  do  not collide or even recognize 
each other. Their motion does not putt  them inn  the  same placee  at  the  same 
time,,  anymore than iff  you were to  walk through the  forest. The trees are 
more dense inn  thiss  instance, inn  that  from your view theyy  aren’t moving at  alll..  
You guidee  yourself past  the  trees. Sub-atomic particles inn  fourth density  inn  
essence flow pastt  those inn  third  density,,  as  water does to  obstacles inn  itss  path..  
Molecules inn  third  density  and fourth density simply  slide  by  each other,,  and 
do  not interact. Thus, theyy  can even occupy the  same space. Space,  inn  factt,,  
iss  more empty than full..  A  planet,  likewise, can and  iss  both  third  and  fourth 
density at  the  same time. Regarding thee  issue of  how we travel,,  or move a  
human through walls,  suffice itt  to  explain  thatt  we make a  reservation in  the  
vibrational density  we wish to  move to,,  and  then move. 

Iff  we are moving into  a  density  already occupied, we ensure a  safe  
move byy  firstt  freezing the  objects  inn  thee  reserved area so thatt  no molecular 
action iss  occurring. Itt  iss  inn  essence a  dead stop,,  similar to  what the  soill  att  

125 



Zetatalk 

landing  sitess  iss  exhibiting when plantss  faiill  too  grow there forr  some time aftteer r 

thee  landing,  as  thee  mineral nutrients are frozen forr  a  time.  After objectss  in  

thee  reservation area are frozen, theyy  are taken intoo  thee  density  we are shifting  

from,  stillll  inn  theirr  frozen state. The  receiving pointt  iss  essentially inn  thee  

middle of  a  vacuum, to  minimize molecular encounters. When thee  frozen 

portions  from thee  reservation area are att  hand,  we stepp  into  thiss  same area, 

arrange ourselves around any objectt  temporarily taken from the  density  we 

are moving to,,  and  alll  iss  then  quickly  returned to  thee  target  density.  Horrors 

such  as  occurred at  thee  Philadelphia Experiment are not possible with thiss  

procedure, forr  iff  thee  target  density  iss  so  crowded that  we cannot sstteepp  iinnttoo  tthhee  
arena, we return thee  objects  and select another spot..  

Dangers 

There are dangers, and  thus  our status as volunteers during  these 
transformational endeavors carries with itt  the  classification of  hazardous 
duty..  What are the  dangers? First  and  foremost there iss  a  danger of  not 
making a  complete transition, of  being  partlyy  leftt  behind. This can happen 
when thee  coordinates are not set  properly, a  matter we attend to  with the  
utmost care. These coordinates are essentially boundaries, but  boundaries are 
defined as  more than the  periphery. Boundaries include chemical composi- 
tion,,  molecular structure, and  connectedness. A  simple  example of  a  chemi- 
cal  composition boundary would be  moving acidic material but  leaving 
behind inert or alkaloid material. A  simple example of  a  molecular structure 
boundary would be  leaving behind radioactive material inn  a  slagg  heap  but  
moving alll  else.  A  simple  example of  a  connectedness boundary would be  
moving alll  of  a  table but  leaving behind the  chairs,  floor,,  and  table cloth. 

Density-shifting dangers are usually encountered earlyy  on inn  an entity’ss  
experience with such matters, and  leave a  memory not soon forgotten. The 
true stories about the  Philadelphia Experiment and  the  fictional movie The 
Fly  are not farr  from the  horror that  can happen when the  necessary knowl- 
edgee  or proper care are not inn  place..  We take  care not to  touch one another or 
our contactees during  the  shift.  We take care to  include alll  parts  of  the  object  
to  be  moved within the  boundaries. We have a  series of  overlapping and  
redundant computerized and  manual checks and  balances that  make the  
safetyy  of  the  shift  virtually fail-safe. 

1266 



Density 

Transporting 
Density switching involves more than simply increasing or decreasing 

the  vibrational level of  the  object  to  be  moved, itt  can also  involve moving 
from one point  inn  space to  another, or one point  in  time to  another. Thus, a  
contactee can be  picked up  for  a  conference, taken to  another placee  for  this  
conference, and  returned after  the  conference to  the  same placee  and time as 
the  pickup point..  To  the  contactee, who has  not experienced missing time,  
nothing ostensibly has  happened, yett  the  contactee returns with the  confer- 
ence recorded inn  hiss  subconscious. Should there have been a  medical 
procedure during thee  visitt,,  thee  contactee’s body  retains the  result of  that  
medical procedure upon return. This method of  arranging visits  iss  obviously 
more complicated than simply  picking  thee  contactee up  from a  pointt  inn  thee  
woods or asking  them to  walk out of  their  bedroom into  thee  backyard so  thatt  
theyy  can experience aa  bitt  of  missing time. Here density  switching iss  not 
involved, nor manipulation of  time or space. Being  lesss  complicated, thiss  
method iss  most often used during  a  visit.  However, there are special  times 
when transporting iss  used.  

Iff  a  contactee iss  extremely busy,,  so that  arranging aa  bitt  of  missing time 
iss  either a  burden or a  frank impossibility during  thee  day,,  transporting from 
one pointt  inn  space and  time to  another may be  used to  arrange a  meeting. 
Such aa  transport may or may not involve a  density  switch, depending upon 
the  density where the  others to  be  present at  the  meeting currently reside. Iff  
the  meeting iss  with a  number of  alien visitors inn  fourth density, the  contactee 
will  be  moved to  that  density for  the  meeting. The return to  the  pointt  inn  
space and  time iss  so exacting that  the  contactee may be  picked up  naked, and  
be  returned into  their  clothing, unruffled. 

Iff  a  hybrid  fetus  iss  to  be  extracted from a  donor mother’s womb, and  forr  
reasons of  health the  donor mother should not experience the  usual vacuum 
extraction method via  the  birth  canal,,  then  the  fetus can be  transported. This 

iss  done byy  locating thee  fetus  within the  mother’s tissue byy  DNA signature, 
aanndd  ttaarrggeettiinngg  tthhaatt  tissue and some surrounding tissue from the  mother to  be  
transported. The perimeter iss  defined inn  such a  way that  the  mother’s womb 
iss  barely  affected but  thee  fetus  iss  keptt  snug until  an alternative womb can be  
placed around itt..  In  extreme cases transporting iss  used to  turn back thee  

clock. These rare cases are where thee  Council of  Worlds grants permission, 

as  the  Council has  deemed the  situation important forr  thee  Earth’s Transfor- 

1277 



Zetatalk 

mation. An example iss  where a  situation such  as  thee  death of  someone of  keyy  

importance has  occurred, byy  accident. Iff  permission iss  granted,  thee  indi-  

vidual may be  transported from the  pointt  before death to  thee  present, and  

properly  attended to  so  thatt  death will  not occur. Such intervention iss  not  

possible iff  the  death has  been broadcast, but  iss  possible  iff  few  know of  thee  

death. 

Bermuda Triangle 

The Bermuda Triangle does indeed have unusual qualities,  as  do  other 
placess  here and  there on Earth. Magnetic anomalies are reported, where 
compasses swing  wildly,  clocks stop,  and  concrete objects  fade  from sight..  
What’s causing this?  These places,,  fortunately few  inn  number, are an outlet 
from the  center of  the  Earth forr  a  byproduct of  the  Earth’s compression, a  
gravity  byproduct so to  speak..  A  vent, from where subatomic particles not 
known to  man surge forth periodically, and  woe be  to  the  man or  fishh  who 
finds itself  inn  the  way. There are stories of  shipss  and  planes  disappearing, 
and  itt  iss  assumed theyy  were carried offf  byy  extraterrestrials, taken off  to  aa  far--  
off  zoo, forr  exhibition. Then why  would these onlyy  disappear from such 
sitess,,  and  not regularly around thee  globe? 

Here and  there around the  face  of  the  Earth are similar outlets forr  this  
byproduct of  the  Earth’s compression, many of  them well known due  to  the  
havoc shippers or travelers experience—an area offf  the  coast of  JaJappaan, and  inn  
one of  the  Great Lakes, forr  example. Such outlets also  occur where man iss  
unaware of  them,  as  inn  the  depths  of  the  oceans or  within inaccessible 
mountain crevices. What determines the  outlet iss  not onlyy  the  surface 
structure of  the  rock—fractures inn  fact—but also  the  structure of  the  underly- 
ingg  rock,,  factors man cannot measure. 

Landing Sites 
The impact spaceships from other dimensions have on landing sites  iss  a  

phenomenon unknown to  Earth’s scientists, and  a  puzzle. Plants sometimes 
faill  to  grow at  these sitess,,  forr  months or years, and  then  suddenly start 
growing again..  This puzzle  has  a  simple  key..  Germination and growth of  
young plants  starts,  but  iss  starved earlyy  on. The lack iss  not water, but  the  
availability of  nutrients. The sitee  iss  frozen for  density  switching, a  reserva- 

1288 



Density 

tion.  This reservation places  a  lock on atoms inn  the  density to  be  moved into.  
The lock iss  overpowering enough to  freeze activity  inn  the  general area, forr  
non-intelligent actions. 

Intelligent actions, such as  those under the  direction of  humans, or even 
semi-intelligent actions of  animals such as mammals or reptiles  and birds,  
can break this  lock.  Plants do  not have the  power to  break thiss  lock,,  of  their 
own accord. How does the  lock  then gett  broken, after  so many seasons 
where growth does not occur inn  the  soil  so affected? The original  reservation 
ffoorr  tthhee  time/space iinn  the  density to  be  moved into  has  parameters, where a  
maximum of  time iss  given.  When thiss  time reservation runs out,  or expires, 
the  nutrients held  inn  a  lock  are freed,  and  the  normal interaction occurs. 
Seeds now germinate and find  nutrients awaiting them,  and  lifee  returns to  
normal. 

Mothership Clues 

Most sightings are of  small shipss  used onlyy  for  quick,,  local tripss,,  not 
the  type  of  shipp  used forr  interstellar travel. Motherships are the  home away 
from home, and  carry alll  manner of  equipment, supplies, and  facilities that  
small shipss  simply don’t have room for..  Motherships can be  monstrously 
large,,  inn  human terms, farr  larger  than  their  battleships or  football stadiums. 
These motherships have the  same anti-gravity capability that  small shipss  
have,  and  thus  can astonish human witnesses who see these monsters floating  
inn  the  airr  without the  aid  of  roaring jetss  or whirling blades. Thus,  during  the  
Awakening, motherships are seldom used for  sightings, as  such  sightings are 
considered too jolting  forr  the  average witness. 

Since motherships hide,,  are there clues that  one iss  about? The dramatic 
approach of  a  mothership inn  the  movie Close Encounters off  the  Third Kind 
was based on reality,,  as  clouds are thee  most often used camouflage. A  
mothership hovering inn  thee  vicinity iss  obvious to  anyone watching aa  suspi--  
cious cloud for  a  length  of  time,,  as  the  small shipss  that  portt  inn  and  out almost 
constantly can be  seen zipping inn  and  out of  thee  cloud. AAss  tthhee  eennttiirree  
mothership and  contents are inn  third density during  an intense time  of  activity 
on Earth’s surface, these small shipss  are quitee  visible, and  inn  thee  rightt  hlighhtt  
aarree  uunnmmiissttaakkaabbllee..  Are theyy  satellites when theyy  emerge from or disappear 

1299 



Zetatlalk 

intoo  a ccllooud? Are theyy  human airplanes when no jett  traill  or engine  noise can 

be  heard? This  activityy  iss  aa  mothership clue,,  a  moment of  highh  drama forr  

those witnesses who understand what theyy  are watching. 

Lightning Clouds 

Lightning clouds are a  type  of  sighting  thatt  implies  but  does not show 

the  shipp..  This  iss  equivalent to  jett  trails  across the  skyy  or  the  wake leftt  behind 

a  boat.  A  stationary cloud bristling with lightning iss  making the  statement—a 

shipp  was here. The lightning iss  caused byy  sudden airr  displacements when a  
shipp  leaves third density.  The airr  surrounding on alll  sides  rushes in,,  and,  
depending on airr  currents inn  placee  at  the  time,  will  either cause knocking as  
the  airr  masses clapp  together or cloud formation and  lightning iff  the  airr  masses 
are sliding  past  each other. Where lightning clouds form, the  shipss  are 
usually large,,  and  are moving at  the  pointt  of  exitt,,  rather than stationary. 
Humans who cannot see the  shipp  due to  a  close blend with the  surrounding 
backdrop are surprised to  see aa  stationary cloud bristling with lightning 
topside, as  no known weather conditions on Earth produce this  phenomenon. 
They  correctly assume that  something supernatural has  occurred, and  since 
the  movie Close Encounters off  thee  Third Kind dramatized this  phenomenon 
to  indicate an approaching ship,,  theyy  usually suspect that  a  sighting  has  
occurred. 

Missing Pilots 

Encounters with UFOs have on rare occasions resulted in  the  disappear- 
ance of  an airplane  and  itss  pilott,,  never to  be  seen again..  What happened to  
these pilots?  Were theyy  captured or killed? When space ships  disappear, 
winking out iinn  the  skyy  inn  an instant, theyy  are essentially moving into  another 
density.  We have explained that  density  switching has  itss  dangers, and  iff  the  
shipp  iss  programmed to  switch with itss  surrounding airspace, the  switch takes 
the  pilott  and  plane  with itt..  Thus the  pilott  finds himself suddenly inn  a  fourth- 
density  existence, without atmosphere to  breathe. This iss  a  quick  and pain-  
lesss  death forr  the  startled pilots,,  who have littlee  chance to  sort itt  out before 
theyy  losee  consciousness. 

4athla s 

1300 



21  
The Call  

SS 
ra 
—_ 
Ye ey | 

Pe e ) 
i 

f A Vi ! 
‘ Pig 

w fal 
| ' 

eo 

The concept of  The Call  iss  but  an extension of  concepts humans are 
familiar with. One goes to  thee  porch  to  calll  the  family  into  dinner. One 
picks  up  the  phone  to  calll  another inn  order to  converse. When givingg  The 
Call  to  aliens,  humans are issuing a  request forr  contact, without a  voice,  
without words, but  the  meaning iss  sent and  understood nonetheless, byy  
telepathic and  other such wordless and  wireless means. The Call  iss  made, 
received, and  understood, and  a  conference iss  subsequently arranged. There 
are times of  loneliness, despair,  wrenching concern forr  a  loved one injured  or 
inn  trouble, times when one wants to  offer oneself in  the  loved one’s stead,  
times when the  pathh  to  follow iss  not clear and  there iss  indecision and hesita- 
tion  at  the  gateway, times when another iss  viewed as a  blockage to  be  re- 
moved byy  physical and potentially violent and harmful means—these sorts of  
times occur, not daily,,  but  many times inn  aa  lifetime. These are times of  The 
Caill.  

Aliens visiting  Earth are not to  interfere with humans regarding their  
spiritual choices on orientation, to  become service-to-self or  service-to- 
others. Thus the  human iss  inn  control of  alien  interactions affecting him or her  
self.  This iss  inn  factt  intuitively understood by  most humans, even those who 

13]1 



ZetaaTttalk 

are unaware of  alien  influences over their  lives.  The  reason thiss  iss  intuitively 

understood iss  because off  pastt  interactions thee  human does  not  consciously 

remember. Alll  humans givee  The Calll,,  and  do  so frequently during  any givenn  

lifetime. As  spirituaall  entities allowed too  have contact with  humans are  

oriented either towards service-to-self or service-to-others, their  orientation iss  

acute and  easilyy  discernible. One has  butt  to  pay  attention. Even thee  spirituu--  

alllyy  immature can decipher the  difference. 

Non-interference can best  be  explained iff  you keepp  inn  mind thatt  nothing 

can be  done byy  an alien  unless itt  iss  through a  human—nothing. Inn  thiss  theyy  
must wait untill  aa human givess  The Call,,  signaling an interest inn  having  a  
conference. Ambassadors from the  service-to-others or service-to-self 
orientation can onlyy  confer with humans, what humans call  close encounters 
or contact. Ambassadors from the  service-to-self may promise delivery of  
goods,  as  where one sells  one’s soul  to  the  devil forr  gainn  or where your 
government, earlyy  on,  thought theyy  would gett  alien space shipp  technology 
from their  earlyy  contact with those inn  the  service-to-self. This orientation iss  
notorious forr  not telling  the  truth,,  and  no technology has  been gained—none. 
There were, however, some souls firmly  recruited into  the  service-to-self 
ranks byy  these maneuvers, which were within the  rules guiding alien behav- 
iorr  on Earth. 

Implants must be  putt  into  thee  perspective of  the  wider picture..  Contact- 
ees are alll  volunteers. With or without an implant, theyy  can end  their status 
as  contactees at  will.  Think of  an implant as  a  type  of  portable, lightweight, 
ever-ready telephone. The implant allows the  aliens inn  contact to  quickly 
locate the  contactee, saving  both a  lott  of  time. Implants have been described 
as  going  up  the  nose, behind thee  ear,  into  the  bones of  the  head,  and  under the  
skin. They  are alll  thatt  and  more. They  have been described as  organic and  
structured to  dissolve when removed. Some are thatt,,  and  some are not 
affected by  removal, and  some are  not  of  organic  materials aatt  aallll..  AAllll  iimm--  
plants,  placed  by  either the  service-to-self or service-to-others group, are 
superficial and  can be  removed without harm to  the  human. Anything else  
would not be  inn  accordance with the  Rule of  Non-Interference, affecting the  
ffrreeee  will  of  man, and  would simply not be  allowed. 

1322 



The Call  

Technology 

Many call  for  assistance with technological advances, such as free- 
energy-machines. At  this  time we are restrained from simply  giving mankind 
a  giftt,,  by  the  rules set  by  the  Council of  Worlds. The true intention of  the  
human giving  The Call iss  the  firstt  and  foremost determinant. Has the  caller a  
true desire to  helpp  others, or iss  The Call weighed primarily inn  the  direction of  
profit  and fame? Will the  technological device be  used byy  others, stolen or 
coerced, so thatt  itt  will  become a  device forr  profitt  and  fame rather than the  
intended result? There are scarcely any  situations that meet the  previous test.  
Does the  human givingg  The Call  have the  personal capability to  bringg  hiss  
request to  fruition? In  thee  main, there iss  farr  more desire than capacity. The 
caller must be  able  to  understand our instructions, our explanations, and  thiss  
requirement again  narrows down the  possibilities, as  perhaps onlyy  1%  of  the  
qualified callers are positioned to  assure thee  technological device willl  not be  
misused, and  are trullyy  of  the  service-to-others orientation. 

Healings 

On occasion countactees will  recall  a  visitation forr  the  sole  purpose of  
what iss  termed a  healing—fevers disappear, injuries  mend so rapidly  that  
doctors inn  attendance doubt their X-rays, and tumors seem to  melt away. 
Under what circumstances does thiss  occur? As  aliens visiting  Earth cannot 
interfere with what iss  termed the  human setting,,  theyy  cannot arbitrarily stepp  
inn  and  fix  up  humans who justt  happen to  be  their  contactees, playing favor- 
itess  as itt were. Healing a  contactee iss not an arbitrary decision, but  iss one 
taken to  thee  Council of  Worlds inn  alll  cases, and  itt  occurs where a  contactee 
has  chosen a  role  deemed important forr  the  Earth’s transformation. Contact- 
ees given  a  healing have chosen roles that  placee  them inn  danger,  result inn  
humiliation and  loss,,  require  them to  be  extraordinarily steadfast through 
longg  suffering, and  iff  anything shatter, rather than build,,  their lives.  These 
contactees challenge the  establishment, promote democracy inn  thee  face  of  

tyranny, declare free  thinking inn  thee  face  of  ridicule, oorr  pulll  uupp  ssttaakkeess  ttoo  

prepare forr  leadership roles  during  the  coming cataclysms. IIlIlI  hheeaalltthh  iiss  aann  
unnecessary distraction. 

1333 



Zetatalk 

MJ-12 Rules 

No alien/human activity  occurs without humans firstt  givingg  The Call,,  

but  inn  thee  case of  military involvement with aliens,,  thiss  can be  confusing. Iff  

a  generall  givess  The Call  and  enters into  an arrangement with  aliens,,  can he  

command others to  go  along?  In  factt  both  rulee  systems are inn  placee  simulta- 

neously, and  here’s how itt  works. Members of  thee  military who are initiated 

into  MJ-12 follow aa  plethora of  rules  and  regulations, jusstt  as any  military 

intelligence unit  does. They  also,,  on occasion, come iinn  contact  wwiitthh  aalliieennss..  

During these interchanges the  rules inn  place  go  beyond those inn  place  during  
the  usual alien/human contact where the  human can allow physical contact or 
disallow thiss,,  delimiting the  interchange. MJ-12 agreements with aliens of  
either orientation have always included thee  caveat that  aliens can not physi-  
callyy  affect the  humans assigned to  MJ-12 duty,,  even iff  the  human wishes forr  
this,,  or givess  permission, or even demands this..  

Leadership Call 

Iss  The Call  handled inn  a  different manner when itt  comes from a  high-  
level government official,  a  leader such as  a  president or premier? Many 
humans assumed to  be  inn  a  leadership position are not,  inn  actuality, leading 
anyone. The human may have authority such as  the  rightt  to  grant or deny  
requests, or may have a  voice such as thee  rightt  to  critique,  or may direct 
activities such as  a  construction or  production schedule, but  theyy  do  not 
influence the  orientation decision of  their fellow humans which iss  the  keyy  
lesson of  third  density.  Leaders who gett  aa  lott  of  attention are those who 
influence issues, such as  law  making or  war or new trends. Such leaders gett  
the  Mega Call  response, where more resources are mustered. The leader,  
however, iss  as  unaware, consciously, of  having been assisted lliikkee  aallll  ootthheerr  
callers. 

Answering 

The Call  iss  most often  answered as  soon as  itt  iss  given,  unless the  nature 
of  The Call  iss  such that  preparation or timing are involved. An example of  
preparations might involve the  calling  human needing to  gather  information 
or polll  other humans, essentially preparing themselves for  the  conference. 
An example of  timing  might  be  where The Call  involves a  conference with  
several humans, and  a  convenient time when theyy  could alll  experience a  bitt  

1344 



The Call  

of  missing time needs to  be  arranged. The nature of  The Call iss  such that  the  
group called,  whether inn  service-to-self or service-to-others, does not want 
the  moment to  pass. Delays can result in  a  change of  heart,,  so The Call iss  
answered promptly. 

A  high-priority call  iss  where a  human desiring contact iss  inn  a  position  to  
influence the  course of  human affairs. Likewise, a  low-priority call  would be  
a  call  from a  human who iss  giving  The Call  because he  iss  concerned with a  
ppeerrssoonnaall  matter tthat  affects littlee  but  himself. Beyond which calls  gett  atten- 
tion,,  there iss  the  matter of  what constitutes a  response. This can range alll  the  
way from a  brief conference with a a singlee  visitor,  to  an elaborate series of  
visits from a  virtual army of  aliens. There are no rules guiding alien behavior 
on Earth that  bound or constrain thee  size  of  a  response to  The Call. There- 
fore,,  where we must wait,,  we most certainly can anticipate and  prepare, and  
inn  thiss  regard,  The Call  iss  a  mutual process. 

Whereas visitors inn  the  service-to-others orientation keep  raptt  attention 
via  telepathy to  the  thoughts of  those who are preparing to  givee  The Call,,  
those inn  the  service-to-self orientation monitor byy  computer the  signss  that  
someone iss  giving The Call  to  the  service-to-self. This computer traces, 
surprisingly enough, a  brain wave configuration generated when humans are 
dealing either with rage or intensely defensive postures. This brain wave iss  
generated almost continuously inn  those strongly inn  the  service-to-self orienta- 
tion,,  as  theyy  are constantly enraged that  their surroundings aren’t placating 
them! Itt  iss  not the  level  of  this  brain wave that  iss  monitored, itt  iss  the  con- 
stancy, and  when located, this  individual iss  then watched more closely. They  
may gett  specific  attention, periodically, as their  brain-wave configuration has  
marked them as one inn  the  service-to-self, inn  essence givingg  The Call  con- 
tinuously due  to  their frustration. 

Prayer 

When oonne sends aa  prayer aloft  to  their God,  are theyy  inn  essence giving  
The Call? Itt  depends on thee  prayer, and  on thee  intent behind the  prayer inn  

particular. Many prayers are routine, done inn  the  same hurried manner as  

brushing the  teeth,,  to  putt  thee  task  behind one. Other prayers, though routine, 
are done inn  a  fond manner, fulll  of  feeling,  and thiss  may or may not be  The 
Call.  Does thee  prayer simply  givee  thanks forr  home, health,  and  bounty? TThhiiss  
iss  then inn  thee  same category as  meditating on one’s circumstances and  

1355 



Zetatalk 

acknowledging that  much off  liffee  iss  outside of  one’s control. Where prayers 

are putt  forth with feeling  and  include a  request, thiss  iss  inn  essence The  Call,,  

and  regardless of  thee  words used,,  or  to  whom thee  prayer iss  addressed, thee  one 

answering The Call  willl  be  responding to  thee  intent, not  the  words..  

Seances 

Talking with  thee  dead has  been aa  time-honored endeavor, and  alll  human 
ccuullttuurreess  have terms forr  and  tales  about thiss  common human experience. 
Most of  the  tales  are told  byy  those who recently lostt  a  loved one, and  the  
bond continues forr  a  time due  to  unfinished business and  concerns that  thee  
recently deceased has  about those stilll  living..  The most famous tales  are told  
about hauntings, where a  particular spiriitt  hangs  about a  location such as a  
house, wanting some kind of  justice  done or lingering due  to  past  attach- 
ments. Seances, where the  dead are deliberately called, are aa form of  The 
Call,,  and as  such falll  under the  rules whereby more than the  loved one called 
can arrive. Thus, a  seance can bringg  forth the  spiriitt  called, other restless 
formerly human spirits,,  and  various visiting aliens who may or may not 
materialize depending on the  setting.  Identity cards cannot be  checked at  
seances, so anyone and  anything might manifest, pretending to  be  the  spiritt  
called! 

Angels 

Angels are merely spiritss,,  and describing angels  iss  a  way of  describing 
good  and  evil—the compassion and  pulling  toward others that  characterizes 
those inn  the  service-to-others orientation, or the  pulling  toward thee  self  that  iss  
characteristic of  those inn  the  service-to-self orientation. There are angels  
among humans who have never leftt  thiss  Earth. They  think of  others in--  
tensely.  They  sacrifice themselves. Are these not angels? 

136 



22  
Examples 

—S_  

,E See ‘ Ccy  
al aay 

oact eaece y ‘-fe_  ‘ 

(\
 
  ¢w n

AkS,y SS  FA
J
EP
t 
S . |

| 
|  ' < a . | 

| ‘, \ in j 
wNaie r| a4 n 
5 1| % 5 4 i 1 
Vr)'  \ (7}  ;7  

us : | i 
i\  oo eat 
te= ston Zease  Koe  

The Devil iss  reputed to  be  a  red  creature with a  pointed taill  and  two 
horns, most often carrying a  three-pronged fork.  The Devil of  lore  iss  a  fairlyy  
accurate picture  of  an extraterrestrial who briefly  visited Earth millennia ago. 
This visit  preceded the  time when thee  Bible was to  be  written, and  thus  the  
memories of  this  entityy  were fresh  and  strong. This was a  fourth-density 
entity,,  who came alone except forr  hiss  entourage, inn  answer to  The Call  from a  
group of  humans strongly oriented toward service-to-self. He  iss  indeed red,,  
alll  over, and  to  humans inn  close contact he  would seem to  exude heat.  Thus 
he  was associated with thee  concept of  firee,,  as one who could livee  comfortably 
within fire..  This  entityy  came to  Earth with  an entourage, a  threesome, who 
carried pointed sticks used forr  communications. They  stood at  attention, to  
the  rear or side  of  their  master, as the  service-to-self orientation requires a  
strict  pecking order. Thus the  three-pronged pointed  fork.  

World War III  

As  with affairs of  today,,  interference byy  alien  groups with thee  progress 
of  World War III  occurred onlyy  through humans. Humans gave The Call  to  
both groups, but  the  service-to-self groups—primarily members of  thee  Nazis 

1377 



Zetatalk 

and  their  allies—gave aa  stronger calll..  They  wished forr  power and  tools  of  

destruction. They  wished to  learn how humans could be  putt  to  death  so that  

death was not quickk  or painless  or without anxiety forr  loved ones. The 

humans who gave The Call  to  thee  service-to-self entityy  groups were con- 

cerned with  how to  produce the  strongest sense of  helplessness inn  humans, so  

as to  produce, inn  thee  future,  the  strongest harvest forr  those inn  the  service-to- 

self  orientation. 

Humans were not onlyy  systematically starved and beaten, knowing alll  

~ the  while theyy  were headed forr  the  gas  chambers, but  theyy  were also  given  
possible outs. They  could turn on their  friends and  family, on strangers 
poignantly inn  need. They  could brutalize each other to  spare themselves a  
littlee  bit..  Violations were done to  humans who were then  allowed to  live  and  
contemplate these violations, their  horror. Violated humans were returned to  
the  masses awaiting an end  to  their torment, so that  these anxious souls  
would see what thee  Nazis could do  to  one of  them. All  thiss  treatment was by  
design—a calculated means to  destroy  the  will  of  the  soul  so that  itt  becomes 
resigned to  being  dominated by  others. Senior members of  the  service-to- 
self  orientation were inn  attendance to  assist those humans who gave The Call 
to  them. 

Satanic Rituals 

Magical incantation or rituals such as  pentagrams on the  floor are not 
The Call.  But  thee  desire forr  revenge, to  eliminate a  rival,,  to  steal  from 
another, to  increase personal power att  the  expense of  others—all these 
desires are The  Call.  Practices such as  sacrifice or blood letting,,  particularly 
of  an innocent or someone thee  participants are reluctant to  sacrifice due  to  
personal bonds,  sets  the  mood. During such acts,  thee  participants increas- 
iinnggllyy  disconnect their empathy toward another, and  concentrate on the  self--  
satisfying goalss  that  ledd  them to  the  ritual. Most often the  human sacrificed 
iss  a  peripheral member of  the  group, so that  the  cult  leader can go  on a  power 
tripp..  He glorifies inn  hiss  ability  to  make friends turn on one another, at  hiss  
command. Such power tripss  become such aa  drugg  that  more and  more such 
rituals are performed until  the  group iss discovered or disbands, scattering and  
running from the  horror. 

138 



Examples 

Do Satanic rituals result inn  demons appearing and humans striking  a  
deal with the  Devil? This iss  a  parody on what inn  fact  happens as itt  iss  not so 
cut and dried. The service-to-self entities answering The Call may appear to  
the  band, but  briefly.  These demons may take any form,  as theyy  are above 
third  density  and thus  can move between densities, appearing and  disappear- 
ingg  at  will. They  may show themselves as  theyy  are or enhance their appear- 
ance to  strike fear  into  the  horrified humans and demand and gett  the  subser- 
vience that  alll  service-to-self entities seek,  without abatement. The humans 
are indeed giving  their souls away as  theyy  are joining the  service-to-self 
orientation, where control and captivity are an everyday realityy..  

AIDS 

AIDS iss  both a-  natural and  unnatural occurrence. In  thee  beginning, the  
AIDS virus was much the  same as  itt  iss  today,  infecting humans. This virus 
has  a  great  propensity for  adaptation, so over any period  of  time itt  changes 
form somewhat. Itt  has  occurred naturally within certain simians forr  centu- 
ries..  Itt  has  outcropped among humans inn  Africa and  the  south seas periodi- 
callyy,,  but  due  to  limited population spread,  itt  simply devastated those groups 
itt  invaded. Where there iss  no written record and  no survivors, there was no 
trace. AIDS was unknown to  the  civilized world, and  would not have been 
discovered were itt  not forr  intervention byy  those of  the  service-to-self orienta- 
tion.  The intervention byy  these aliens was one of  knowledge, directing those 
humans desiring such  aa  tool  to  the  simians harboring thiss  virus. 

The service-to-self aliens involved inn  the  spread  of  AIDS had  to  work 
through humans. They  found these humans within the  United States govern- 
ment, inn  the  CIA. The men who made The Call were offered a  bribe. They  
were assured that  theyy  could possess the  continent of  Africa, which iss  rich  inn  
natural resources and  human cultures easilyy  dominated. The men inn  the  CIA 
who gave The Call  to  our counterparts were of  thee  service-to-self orientation 
to  a  highh  degree.  These aliens do  not squander their  time idlyy..  Their objec--  
tive  inn  assisting these men was thee  misery  theyy  could spread.  Agony, a  sense 
of  abandonment, rage and  the  desire for  vengeance, alll  these emotions work 
to  bring  recruits to  their orientation. This was the  objectt  of  the  aliens assist- 
ingg  in  the  spreading of  the  AIDS virus.  

1399 



Zetatalk 

Itt  has  been assumed thatt  AIDS was initiallyy  spreadd  through a  vaccina- 

tionn  program. This  iss  incorrect. Itt  was spread  through diett,,  byy  blood improp- 

erllyy  cooked, as blood iss a  natural component of  the  diett  of  those initialllyy  

infected. Itt  was spreadd  through thee  dietary  norms of  the  initial  groups 

infected. Sophisticated isolation was not  required.  Infected simian blood 

was mixed with blood naturally occurring iinn  thee  ddiieett..  

Ebola Virus 

As  with dissemination of  the  AIDS virus,  the  Ebola virus was a  matter 
done byy  service-to-self aliens inn  the  past,,  a  matter now at  rest,  which we 
therefore can discuss per  the  Rules of  Engagement. The  Ebola virus  was one 
of  many gleaned from thee  bowels of  thee  African jungles. Africa and South 
America are targeted continents. Aliens inn  the  service-to-self orientation, 
alongg  with human converts inn  the  CIA,  extracted the  AIDS virus and  other 
viruses forr  use inn  what theyy  termed cleansing of  the  continent. The land,,  rich  
inn  resources, was then  to  be  theirs,  and  any  human inhabitants having natural 
immunity to  the  viruses unleashed would be  their  docile servants. 

The Ebola virus did  not catch on as did  the  AIDS virus,,  and  the  reason 
was simple—it tended to  killl  itss  handlers! When cast out  among the  swine, 
as  was the  phrase  used to  describe dissemination, the  swine would diee,,  but  
those casting  their  evill  seed could not run fastt  enough. They  carried itt  home 
with  them,  and  theyy  died  inn  secreted hospital rooms, infecting their  frantic 
nurses and  doctors. After a  time or two,  theyy  gave up  on the  Ebola virus,  
which refused to  be  tamed. The  original  plann  of  dissemination was to  be  by  
airborne means. This never came about as thee  earlyy  tests ran amuck. 

iHe 

140 



Majestic-12 



Tod 
a 

. 

4 

otic Srougn & = e 

eheih hryih 260, ny bee ie ne 

um up the de of ie nil 

hoe sy oe aa Soules 

h fl Sere i ety binké; 

i * a ii wee ® 

> ad 2 wie 
; tas im | Dale Vou 

a, rp ples APS Gast 
_ Vs 

; Seale oer beret ll het 
alee’ 

n é=2 Veowecedide Aide aia 
2 av fanmed temeing 0 Caer >. 

Areaowen, eo i the thet oo! an huromn <chglnisaem fal 
i a eT stan! H2OHB Ms sat 

iM tS ru SF 
os ! eH 5 ue 

ab ne the prior cand  nee e a ds 
Jkac ceuziy 7 gh a 

cme Joe 
16) Dean, si! hey rea ate bern 

; nurs eral OS Ni a os 3 ae 
eich cfg? fatal 
dieth.g100 Tine = pe 7 xeulent osB a ) 

2 -. | ihe ies 
a - 



23  
Roswell 

XA IAM A  EXX D 

The U.S.  was targeted earlyy  byy  ourselves for  several reasons, but  
primarily because our hybrid  program was to  be  based inn  the  U.S. The U.S.,  
as  a  melting pot,,  has  a  broader genetics pool  than any other country. Where 
itt  has  been reported that  thee  U.S. government granted us permission to  
abduct their citizenry, their  permission was not required. The hybrid pro-  
gram iss  conducted with volunteers, and  the  U.S. government iss  not consulted. 
Period. A  secondary reason we desired an alliance with the  U.S. government 
was due to  their  position of  leadership inn  the  world,  a  position theyy  stilll  hold. 
The U.S. iss  the  signall  democracy, which was assisted in  itss  birth  byy  many 
aliens inn  the  service-to-others orientation responding to  The Call,,  and  has  
more than  met the  expectations of  those who assisted. Both the  government 
and citizenry of  the  U.S. expect leadership of  themselves, and are tolerant 
and  supportive of  innovation because of  this..  The U.S.  iss  head and  shoulders 
above the  rest of  the  world inn  innovation, bar  none. 

This  environment was perceived byy  ourselves too  be  thee  most fruitful forr  
Zeta/human alliances inn  service-to-others activities during  the  Transforma- 
tion,,  and  iss  meeting our expectations inn  thiss  regard..  Thus,  because we and  

1433 



ZetaTtalk 

others inn  the  service-to-others orientation wished an  alliance with thee  U.S. 

government, thee  Roswell incident was staged  inn  order to  initiate discussion. 

And itt  was because of  our desire to  contact thee  U.S.  government that  those inn  

the  service-to-self orientation rushed inn  to  do  their  best  to  ruin  our plans..  

Activities at  Area 51  and  Dulce were not our activities, but  are the  dying  

remnants of  games byy  the  service-to-self entities designed to  drive a  wedge 

between ourselves and  the  U.S.  government. They  did  not succeed, and  the  

games are now inn  a  mopping-up phase,  closing  down. Those inn  thee  service- 
ttoo--sseellff  oorriieennttaattiioonn  have not contacted other governments because there was 
no party  to  spoill..  It’ss  as  simple  as  that.  In  spittee  of  wild rumor to  the  con- 
trary,  no other governments outside of  the  U.S. have an agreement with alien  
groups. 

Roswell 

The facts  about Roswell are well  known, and the  factss  thatt  are known 
relate almost completely to  the  truth.  This iss  a  true story.  What iss  not well 
known iss  that  Roswell was not an accident. The U.S.,,  likee  other govern- 
ments, was not approachable. Individuals who were contacted byy  the  alien  
groups were treated as  though theyy  were infected. The block inn  these matters 
was the  human desire to  be  inn  control. Therefore, inn  order to  allow the  
humans inn  the  U.S. government to  be  open to  our messages, we allowed them 
to  be  inn  control. The plann  was to  allow shipss  to  crash,  ostensibly at  the  hands 
of  humans, with  alll  aliens aboard dying  inn  the  crash. This maximized the  
feeling  of  control the  humans would experience, particularly as  the  front end  
of  any  contact was, unfortunately, through the  military. Once theyy  feltt  theyy  
could harm us,  theyy  were willing  to  parley..  

The recent Roswell movie adheres closely  to  the  facts,,  but  itt  has  added 
material forr  dramatic effect and  itt  has  omitted other material at  the  request of  
thee  government. Major Marcel knew fulll  well  what he  had  come upon in  that  
field,,  and  the  impact that  informing the  public  would have. UFOs were not 
unknown to  those at  the  Roswell base,,  and the  heavy  hand suppressing 
chatter had  already  been felt..  He agonized, and informed hiss  familyy  fur-  
tivelyy..  The rancher, Mac Brazel, was abused extensively, in  the  many ways 
that  leave no marks, and  finallyy  he  was told  frankly  that  he  and  hiss  family  
would be  killed unless he  complied. His  purchase of  a  new truck,,  which he  
could scarcely afford,  was the  onlyy  avenue by  which he  could gett  the  word 
out that  he  had  taken a  bribe. Why would the  military  need to  buy  him off?  

1444 



Roswell 

Peoplee  appropriatellyy  wondered, and came to  thee  correct conclusions. Were 
people silenced via  death during  the  Roswell incident? Yes,  and  more than 
the  public  suspects. 

EBE 
EBE, the  Extraterrestrial Biological Entity,  survived the  crash and  lived 

to  chat,,  in  a a manner of  speaking, with the  government. EBE was returned to  
his  group, alive,,  after contact was established over the  next few  years. EBE, 
aass  hhee  was ccaalllleedd,,  was one of  seven aliens on board the  two craft that  crashed 
at  Roswell. One craft  was utterly  demolished, as  itt  was set  to  explode close 
to  the  ground and did  so as  planned. The second craft  held  four aliens,,  and 
crashed as planned without becoming utterlyy  demolished. IItt  was expected 
that  the  impact would killl  alll  fourr,,  who expected to  die,,  but  one lived  on with 
injuries..  

This was a  shock to  thiss  alienn,,  who was unprepared forr  the  intense 
interest inn  hiss  digestive, breathing, and  medical needs. He  found himself 
both held at  arm’s lengthh  and  closely  examined byy  the  very nervous humans 
who recovered him. An officer,  called suddenly to  the  sitee  where EBE was 
being  housed, had  hiss  young son inn  tow,  and  leftt  him  inn  thee  car while he  
conferred inside. When he  returned he  found that  hiss  young son had  much to  
telll  him,,  having  been inn  telepathic communication with EBE. Without 
having the  two ever meet, and  without confirming to  thee  young boyy  that  hiss  
conversational pall  was reall,,  the  government subsequently had  the  two inn  
close proximity and  questioned thee  boyy  endlessly. To  thiss  dayy  he  cannot 
prove that  thiss  occurred, other than  thatt  questions were putt  to  him.  

The impact of  Roswell on human culture, and  on the  government in  
particular,  was that  theyy  knew forr  sure thatt  aliens,  intelligent beings from 

other worlds, existed. The legacy  of  EBE himself was essentially the  quaint  
story  of  ET,,  where aliens are viewed as  shyy  and  nonthreatening, more 

vulnerable than humans, and  with  charming eccentricities. That theyy  bond 

well with young children iss  considered byy  most to  be  a  de  factoo  proof  of  their  
acceptability, inn  linee  with the  adage  that  a  person can be  trusted iff  thee  dogg  and  

the  kids  take  a  shine to  him.  

EBE was followed, however, byy  contacts with thee  government byy  a  

very different sort  of  alien,,  those inn  thee  service-to-self orientation, and  thiss  

set  the  stagee  forr  thee  next phase  of  the  government’s relationship with aliens. 

1455 



Zetattlaallkk 

Omnipotent Krill  

One of  thee  firsstt  aliens inn  thee  service-to-self orientation to  contact thee  

U.S.  government was a  member of  the  alien  race from Orion,  who called 

himself the  Omnipotent Krill.  He  had studied human societies, or  rather had  

hiss  lackeys do  thiss  studyy,,  and  concluded that  a  guttural  name that  sounded 

likee  a a growll  would most induce fear..  Thus the  concocted name. One should 
ttaakkee  nnoottee  tthhaatt  iitt  also  sounds similar to  the  word killl,,  also  not byy  accident. 
This alien greatly  impressed the  military  officers who met him,  in  that  he  
understood their  need forr  order and  hierarchy, their  concept of  command byy  
the  most powerful and  well  connected, and  their  willingness inn  the  main to  
selll  out sections of  the  populace forr  any  gainn  inn  power theyy  might  attain. As  
he  was firmly  inn  the  service-to-self orientation, theyy  were inn  effect speaking 
hiss  language. He was at  home. 

Krlill  set  to  work disinforming the  military  as  best  suited his  ultimate 
aim.  As  he  wished to  conquer them, he  told  them theyy  were inn  charge. They  
bought itt..  As  he  wished their  cooperation, he  told  them theyy  would receive 
technology inn  exchange. They  bought itt..  After alll  these years, not much has  
come from thiss  vaunted meeting with thee  Omnipotent Krill.  His  
disinformation has  been unraveled, bitt  byy  bit,,  so that  any information he  
provided has  essentially been discarded. However, there are stilll  information 
pools  formed essentially from this  source thatt  have not dried up.  They  refuse 
to  be  silenced, and  repeat the  same silllyy  stories time and  again..  These 
sources have a  lifee  of  their own, having sensed that  the  information comes 
directly  from thee  government, having been convinced and  even deliberately 
impressed with  this  factt  longg  ago, so theyy  are stillll  infused with desire to  gett  
the  word out.  Attempting to  counter these enthusiasts onlyy  seems to  energize 
them. The storyy  lives  on likee  an echo that  will  not die..  

Power Outages 

Following the  Roswell incident the  various alien  groups inn  the  service- 
to-others orientation were displeased with dialogg  thatt  had been opened with 
the  U.S.  government. They  found themselves not onlyy  held  at  arms lengtthh  
but  also  negated—treated as  entities one need not worry about. Where 
Roswell had been staged, several aliens inn  thee  service-to-others orientation 
sacrificed themselves inn  the  crash so that  the  military could feell  theyy  had the  
upper hand and  thus  be  amenable to  an approach, but  now the  aliens found 

1466 



Roswell 

themselves facing a  cocky group who treated them dismissively. At  thiss  
point  inn  time MJ-12 had  also  been approached byy  the  service-to-self aliens,  
whom they  treated with respect as thiss  group had not presented themselves as  
crashed shipss  or dead and  injured  bodies. In  the  eyes of  MJ-12, who looked 
on the  surface, the  service-to-self aliens had their act  together. We expressed, 
through the  human translators assigned to  us,  that  our capabilities were inn  
ffaacctt  ssuupperior ttoo  the  service-to-self aliens theyy  were giving  preferential 
attention to,,  but  we were brushed aside. 

As  thee  Awakening iss  overseen byy  the  Council of  Worlds, thiss  matter was 
bantered about,  and  eventually the  Council granted a  spectacle that  would not 
be  lostt  on MJ-12, the  intended audience, but  could be  minimized to  the  
populace at  large..  Prior to  power outages there were several attempts to  
impress MJ-12 with less  drastic measures. Power outages, after  alll,,  affect 
hospitals, littlee  old  ladies tottering to  the  rest room, and moving traffic. We 
wished to  avoid this..  Natural occurrences were affected firstt,,  having  been 
announced well ahead of  time.  Unseasonable temperature variations, so  that  
midwinter would become positively balmy  or midsummer chilly,,  but  thiss  
impressed no one and  we were onlyy  credited with being  good  weather 
predictors. Lightt  rays were deflected over broad areas, so that  midday 
became nightt  for  a  brief but  very noticeable time,  but  as no disruption of  
activity  took place,,  MJ-12 was unimpressed. So  it’ss  dark  outside, then turn 
on the  lights!!  Thus, we determined, and  effectively argued the  case before 
the  Council, to  prevent thee  lightss  from being  turned on. 

Power outages were not unknown, and  could be  caused by  any number 
of  overload or mechanical failure situations. People would buy  itt, , on the  
llooccaall  lleevveell..  AAtt  aa  national level,,  inn  smoke-filled rooms and  the  corridors of  
power, the  truth would be  passed  around and hurriedly suppressed. How do  

you suppose that  MJ-12 came to  have so  many corporate leaders inn  itss  broad 

membership? They  were initiated during the  panics.  Suppress the  press. 

Issue statements that  had  no relationship to  the  facts.  Use thee  bullyy  board- 

room, and  keepp  each other closely  informed. When spreading a  broad 

untruth, close communication and  coordination iss  required. MJ-12 was no 

longer  a  clique  of  thee  military,  itt  became forr  a  time  aa  cliquee  of  the  establish- 

ment. Subsequent to  the  power outages, which did  not sweep without 

warning over broad areas, we found MJ-12 looking att  us  with  new eyes. 

They  now believed our explanation of  thee  Roswell crashes. Their eyes had  

been opened. At  thiss  pointt  thee  power outages were no longerr  necessary. 

1477 



Zetatalk 

A  major  factor inn  the  success of  thiss  Awakening maneuver was thee  utter 

inability  of  thee  government to  stopp  the  outages. Learning of  our schedule, 

which was announced dayss  ahead of  the  occurrence, theyy  would arrange 

every kind  of  backup. All  contingencies failed. Power flow was stilled  forr  

the  lengthh  of  time  announced, and  not  so  much as  aa  flashlight batteryy  worked. 

The mechanism used byy  us  involved essentially irradiating the  area with aa  

countering force,,  affecting  electron flow above aa  certain level. Thus,  human 

thought or thee  winking of  fireflies would not  be  affected, but  human technol- 
ogy was at  a  standstill. 

Motive 

Iff  you have never heard a  song, and  you now hear  onlyy  one song 
singing,  you would be  inclined to  think there was onlyy  one song to  be  sung. 
We and  other benevolent alien groups approached your governments so that  
theyy  could hear aa  different song. Your government, as with your populace, iss  
not mostly  evil..  In  the  main,  theyy  wish to  do  the  rnigghhtt  thingg  byy  those theyy  are 
bound to  serve. We are attempting to  helpp  them gett  to  this  point..  Ata 
minimum, we are attempting to  foill  the  original song theyy  heard from those 
inn  thee  service-to-self orientation, so that  at  aa  minimum your government does 
not singg  thiss  song to  you. 

Why  was thiss  done,  you might  ask,,  when thiss  different song could have 
been sung to  the  populace at  large??  Of  course, this  song iss  beingg  sung to  the  
populace att  largee,,  inn  a  manner that  elicits the  least  fear  and anxiety. Itt  was 
necessary to  singg  a  different song to  your government because theyy  are 
influential to  those theyy  govern. They  control the  media, to  a  farr  greater 
extent than you would ever allow yourself to  believe. They  therefore control 
what their  populace iss  allowed to  experience, consciously. 

1488 



24  
MJ-12 

B# lYaa PPYY  
We,  thee  service-to-others Zetas,  have a  formal agreement with  thee  U.S.  

government. Our agreement iss  under constant change, based on regular  
weekly meetings which occur each Wednesday morning. The location or 
attendees are not something we can divulge.  The  scope of  our jointt  activities 
also  iss  under constant change, but  there are some items we can quickly  
mention which are not within scope. Disinformation has  been spread  to  the  
extent that  we, the  Zetas,  are conducting cattle mutilations because we need 
the  enzymes to  live..  This iss totallyy  false,,  as we manufacture what we need. 
Nor do  we have an agreement byy  which the  government stays  silent about 
our presence while we abduct and run experiments on humans. We do  not 
need your government’s agreement to  answer The Call,,  nor would a  wide- 
spread  awareness of  our presence affect us one way or the  other. The hybrid  
program would continue regardless of  anything your government would do..  

Activities that  are inn  the  scope of  our present agreement are aa  travel 
service, whereby we transport those members of  your government to  and  
from meetings on the  alien presence, and  forr  any other activities that  MJ-12 
deems important. In  thiss  support, we do  not interjectt  our opinions on thee  use 
of  thiss  travel service. This offer,,  which we have steadfastly maintained forr  

1499 



Zetatalk 

some decades now, was made so  that  your government would have an 

alternative to  their  association with thee  service-to-self crowd. Our foresight 

inn  the  matter has  paidd  offf,,  as  your government has  recently  begun  to  sever alll  

tiess  to  this  alien  orientation, and  thee  pace iss  picking  up.  Another activity  we 

are jointlyy  involved inn  iss  an  education program, whereby we introduce keyy  

members of  your government to  beings  from other worlds, their  cultures, and  

their  philosophies. We have learned that  your government inn  thee  main justt  

wants too  know, and  to  not be  the  lastt  to  know. 

MJ-12 Operatives 

M§JJ--1122 does not operate inn  a  vacuum, as  a  stand-alone, off-the-books, 
agency. Itt  has  tentacles whereby itt  reaches out to  gather  information and 
accomplish itss  goals..  MJ-12 iss  the  administrative hub,  where policy  deci- 
sions are reached and the  center where keyy  contacts with the  outside world 
are maintained. However, in  that  those  inn  itss  hierarchy have parallell  posi--  
tions within the  federal bureaucracy, theyy  use those very bureaucracies. In  
fact,,  given  the  structure of  MJ-12, itt  iss  onlyy  natural. 

The military branches alll  have intelligence units,  which are skilled inn  
various degrees att  electronic snooping, interrogation techniques, and  under- 
cover activities. Individuals from these units  are assigned to  a  stintt  of  dutyy  to  
M§JJ--1122,,  jusstt  as  theyy  are assigned to  secret missions—you hear about none of  
itt..  Both the  FBI and  CIA have vast pools  of  information on corporations, 
individuals, and  groups running under the  many different charters thatt  can 
exist  inn  human society.  These intelligence agencies have formal arrange- 
ments with MJ-12, who has  but  to  ask.  Military installations include many 
complexes held  inn  abeyance, justt  inn  case. Land and  buildings are hard 
enough to  come byy  inn  times of  plenty,  and  during  cut  backs are not  released, 
inn  the  main. Idle  facilities inn  remote areas are ideal  forr  temporary use byy  
active MJ-12 members, who are almost invariably from the  military.  

Should the  reader find  this  astonishing—that federal employees are 
regularly dealing  with MJ-12 yett  the  public  hears at  most rumors of  this  
activity—they should bear inn  mind the  following. Intelligence groups, and 
the  military inn  general, operate on a  need to  know basis. Also,  when services 
are performed for  MJ-12, these services are not distinguishable from normal, 
everyday services. The requests don’t have MJ-12 stamped inn  bigg  bright  

1500 



MJ-12 

letters on the  front,  theyy  come wrapped in  commonplace covers, and thus  
raise littlee  suspicion. Most government employees or contractors who serve 
MJ-12 have no idea  who the  recipient of  their service is..  

As aa  general rule,,  MJ-12 does not even allow active members of  MJ-12, 
those who know theyy  are working for  thiss  arm of  the  government, to  come inn  
contact with aliens. Where we provide aa  travel service as  part  of  our agree- 
ment with MJ-12, the  humans being  transported never encounter the  pilots..  
They walk up  aa  ramp, enter an empty room, the  door closes and shortly  
reopens at  the  destination. No contact. We are inn  telepathic contact with our 
human counterparts and  learn of  the  itinerary inn  thiss  way. Where onlyy  a  
small,  select group within MJ-12 has  knowledge of  travel by  space ship,,  an 
even smaller group actually has  contact with aliens. These individuals are 
subject to  a  battery  of  psychological tests and  field  trials,,  and  are characteris- 
ticallyy  highly  stable individuals. They  are essentially unflappable. As  with 
MJ-12 inn  general, one does not chose these careers, one iss  chosen for  the  
career.. 

Of  latee  we, the  service-to-others Zetas,  have been elicited to  assist MJ- 
12  inn  monitoring adherence to  their  rules,,  and thiss  has  brought an abrupt end  
to  infractions against  MJ-12 rules. There are no plotss  that  escape our notice,  
as we become aware of  them when theyy  are firstt  hatched inn  the  minds of  the  
schemers. We cannot enumerate past  practices, due to  our agreement with 
MJ-12. Suffice itt  to  say  that  during  the  era when we offered an unmonitored 
travel service to  MJ-12 members, complete with thee  cloak that  prevents 
awareness that  such travel iss  even occurring, there  could be  any manner of  
misuse. This iss  the  intelligence community ideal,,  to  be  cloaked and  invisible 
during  their  movements and  to  have instant travel to  and from their  destina- 
tions. This also  iss  the  dream of  the  thief  or law  breaker. In  stepp  with ssoorrttiinngg  
out the  orientations and  agendas of  thee  alien groups theyy  had  agreements 
with,  MJ-12 gained  confidence inn  working with us,,  the  service-to-others 

Zetas. 

Elected Officials 

How much does  any  President learn  about MJ-12, and  what does  thee  
smarmy group thatt  callss  itself  the  Congress of  the  U.S. know? Next to  
nothing,  and  thiss  more byy  rumor and  innuendo. MJ-12 limits itss  membership 
on a  need-to-know basis,,  which should not  surprise  anyone as itt  iss  run byy  

151 



Zetatalk 

military intelligence units..  Why  would thee  current Congress or  itss  current 

President need to  know anything when theyy  are jusstt  passing  through? Of  

course, theyy  demand to  know more but  can’t  find  the  end  of  the  stringg,,  much 

lesss  pullll  strings..  MJ-12 iss  not  inn  the  phone book,  does not have a  budget,  iss  

run byy  people  who have parallell  titless  within the  bureaucracies, so  as  an 

organization MJ-12 iss  invisible. 

Those who are inn  the  know are people  whom MJ-12 has  contacted. 

They  choose, and  introductions or  inquiries simplyy  don’t come from the  other 
direction. Those inn  the  know are contacted because MJ-12 desires something 
from them—services or cooperation or  knowledge. These most often are 
individuals who already have security  clearance, be  theyy  former military or 
current government employees or private  citizens sworn in..  By  beingg  
enlightened these individuals pay a  price,,  as  joining  the  greater MJ-12 
organization iss  like  joining thee  Mafia—one does not quitt..  The rules are 
strict..  No profiting byy  your knowledge, no refusing to  abide by  the  MJ-12 
board rulings, and  no talking..  The penalty  can be,,  and  has  on occasion been,,  
death.  Consequently, thiss  group iss  relatively small,  numbering a  few hun- 
dred,,  and  iss  onlyy  increased inn  sizee  byy  new members when there are extenuat- 
ingg  circumstances. 

Quite  frankly,  elected officials rarelyy  fitt  thee  bill..  Not talking  iss  anti-  
thetical to  politicians, who earn their livingg  byy  hot  airr..  Politicians tend to  be  
deal  makers with soft  principles, and  the  power that  comes with the  knowIll-- 
edge  that  membership inn  MJ-12 provides can be  heady.  Politicians would gett  
themselves killed,  on a  regular basis,,  and  as theyy  are public  figures,,  thiss  
would prove awkward. They  are leftt  inn  thee  dark for  their  own good  and 
because itt  iss  the  lessor of  two evils. 

Project Blue Book 

Since UFO sightings were inn  the  airr,,  the  Air  Force was the  presumed 
arm of  the  military  that  would be  inn  the  know. Assigning the  Naval intelli- 
gence as the  primary arm of  MJ-12 was supposed to  be  a  slightt  of  hand that  
no one would suspect. Thus the  Air  Force officers assigned bustled about 
and  issued reams of  paper, alll  looking very official. They  were given  a listt  of  
the  probable explanations for  strange lightss  inn  the  sky,,  and  theyy  dutifully  
ascribed something on the  listt  to  any  sighting reported. When on occasion an 
officer working for  project  Blue Book gott  too curious, he  was reassigned. 

1522 



MJ-12 

Those who parroted the  party  line  and  didn’t attempt any independent 
thought remained. Thus,  as would be  expected, the  final  report felll  neatly  
into  line  with the  original intent—UFOs were alll  swamp gas  or meteors, or 
the  figment of  the  public’s active imagination. 

Crashed Ships  
The public, hot  on the  trail  of  the  physical evidence theyy  were sure the  

government possessed, has  longg  sought crashed ships..  Some of  them are 
rumored to  be  massive, requiring roads to  be  blocked and  military and 
civilian forces to  be  coordinated to  cart away evidence in  the  dead of  night..  
The military has  no wrecked alien  shipss  inn  their  possession, oouuttssiiddee  ooff  tthhee  
Roswell crash,,  and  alll  stories to  the  contrary are false. Stories of  crashed 
alien space shipss  feed  the  sense of  power and  control that  humans inn  leader- 
shipp  positions demand. Crashed shipss  diminish the  alien presence, putting  the  
skilll  and  technology of  aliens on a  par  with  thatt  of  humans, who regularly 
crash planes  and cars. 

How would itt  be  that  aliens could cross the  universe yett  not be  able  to  
puttt  about on your planet? Stories that  alien shipss  cannot deal  with radar or 
electromagnetic pulses  are nonsense. These situations present themselves 
elsewhere inn  the  Universe, and  could be  anticipated byy  the  aliens visiting  
Earth. Crashed alien shipss  have not and  will  not be  presented to  the  public  
because theyy  simply  do  not exist.  However, as a  result of  their  earlyy  agree- 
ment with aliens inn  thee  service-to-self orientation, the  military  gott  possession 
of  several ships..  This iss  certainly no secret, as Bob Lazar confirmed the  
rumors. The military has  never figured  out how to  operate the  shipss  theyy  
were given,  and many deaths have resulted from their  attempts. 

Unlike human vehicles, alien shipss  use mental controls and  house a  
strange device that  cannot be  examined . This device, which supports density  
switching and rapidd  transport from one partt  of  the  universe to  another, cannot 
bbee  opened and  examined, as  itt  explodes and  disintegrates when this  iss  
attempted. Of  course, thee  scientists ordered to  proceed  with  such an experi-  
ment died  instantly.  The  factt  thatt  the  alien  shipss  required mental control onlyy  
momentarily stopped the  generals who wanted desperately to  control such a  
device. They  drilled the  smug service-to-self aliens assigned as  an escort 

1533 



Zetatalk 

without end,,  and  returned forr  more lessons after  every abortive attempt. The 

stories told  of  furtive observations att  Area 51,,  where wobbly space shipss  

were seen liftinngg  a  few  feett  off  thee  ground and  then flopping back,  are true. 

Eventually enough control was attained that  the  ambitious generals 
would order aa  field  run with thiss  shipp  or that.  The idea  was to  do  more with 
the  shipp  than simply  lifftt  and  wobble about. They  wanted rapidd  travel across 
the  skies. They  wanted to  impress the  heck out of  anyone theyy  were inter- 
ested in  iinnttiimidating. At  least  theyy  could do  thatt,,  theyy  reasoned. So  the  
human pilots,,  selected forr  their confidence and  demonstrated skilll,,  would 
aim  aa  littlee  higher,  a  littlee  farther,  and  wham! These crash remains, which 
might  be  found anywhere, would be  quickly  collected byy  special  military 
teams, which would be  scrambled with thee  greatest haste. 

otihs  

1544 



25  
Cover-up 

MSJ§-J-1122 has  a  reach that  goes beyond U.S.  borders and  inn  essence makes 
M§JJ--112 operations international. This iss  due  primarily to  a  likee  mind set  
regarding thee  dangers of  public  panic,,  a  threat which alll  governments intrin- 
sicallyy  abhor. They  wish to  keep  the  masses quiescent, at  least until  thee  lastt  
minute, especially since thee  governments of  the  world don’t know what to  do  
about the  issues presented by  the  alien  presence and  the  pending polee  shiftt,,  
and  inn  most cases are unable to  carry out  any planss  theyy  may have. Inn  thiss  
way lifee  goes on as before, with thee  establishment on topp  and  lovingg  every 
minute of  itt.. 

International cooperation thus  happens naturally, emerging from any  
firstt  meeting on these issues,  and  can be  counted on to  be  solid and  unwaver- 
ingg..  In  the  pastt  such  tactics as  suppression of  media coverage on sightings 
was automatic, and  forr  those who doubt that  thee  media worldwide could be  
so suppressed, we would pointt  to  thee  close link  between governments or 
corporate interests and  thee  media. The media dances to  the  piper,,  who inn  
many cases frankly  owns thee  media, both  morally  and  financially. 

155 



Zetatalk 

Countries of  thee  world cooperate with each other due  to  thee  alienn  

presence, as  itt  has  an  immense effect. Imagine yourself  a  ruler,,  whether an 

elected ruler  or as  a  result of  birthright. Whatever else  thiss  position  of  power 

bringss  inn  the  form of  perks,,  itt  also  produces anxiety.  Those inn  power don’t 

want to  lose  their  positions, and  the  alien  presence thus threatens alll  who 

hold  positions of  power. The  establishment iss  afraid that  theyy  will  be  seen as  

impotent, and  thus  drop  inn  stature inn  the  eyes  of  those who look to  them forr  

protection and  leadership. The military, inn  particular, iss  prone to  this  worry, 

as thiss  iss  their  job..  Those at  the  helm of  industry worry that  alll  will  collapse 
iiff  tthheeiirr  workers don’t attend to  their  duties. And those who live  off  the  
inflated value of  paper money inn  alll  itss  many forms worry that  their  house of  
cards will  collapse iff  thee  future does not seem secure to  the  public.  

Thus,  a  globall  conspiracy due  to  the  threat of  the  alien presence occurs 
naturally. This  innate conspiracy takes many forms, but  up  until  recently has  
most certainly included suppressing the  chatter about UFO sightings, sup- 
pressing contactee reports, inserting a  fear  of  cooperation with aliens byy  
spreading falsehoods about their motives, and  claiming thatt  alien technology 
has  been secured. Itt  iss  widely rumored that  wars have been waged  to  distract 
the  populace from the  real  action, and  thiss  iss  true.  Since undeniable proof  
felll  into  the  establishment’s lapp  att  Roswell, the  focus on the  superpowers has  
not been on the  issues that  fillll  thee  newspapers, but  on how to  maintain 
control. Nevertheless, the  normal business of  government and  the  normal 
priorities of  the  vast majority of  mankind who are unaware of  the  real  drama 
continues, as  before. Thus,  the  globall  conspiracy iss  an undercurrent, at  most. 

Black budgets have been fedd  byy  means that  the  populace would find  
disgusting and  disappointing—drug running and  waging war so that  the  
military  industrial complex iss  flooded with funds,  poorly  audited. War has  
the  added advantage of  distracting the  populace, as  families worry about 
loved ones inn  combat, and  when death and  maiming are the  threat,  who looks 
for  UFO stories in  the  news? Massive financial scams have been perpetrraatteedd.,  3 
such as the  BCCI bank and itss  predecessors, alll  of  which had the  hand of  the  
CIA firmly  at  the  helm. These moneys were collected to  launch a  defense 
against  the  alien presence, and  to  protect the  elite  from the  effects of  the  pollee  
shift  theyy  alll  knew was coming soon, but  due  to  thee  secret nature of  thee  
operations, the  moneys collected were often used for  the  pleasure of  those 
who knew that  no one could audit them. 

1566 



Cover-up 

Bilderberger Group 
Humans have aa  long-standing tradition—when one doesn’t know what 

to  do  about an issue,  form a  committee. Thus itt  was that  the  Bilderberger 
Group formed. Itt  iss  not hard to  imagine the  state of  affairs after  Roswell. 
The heads of  state of  U.S. allies and  their close confidants, chairmen of  
major  U.S.  or international companies and  their confidants, and  a  number of  
scientists from prestigious universities or institutes were aware of  the  alien 
pprreesseennccee  bbuutt  were unsure what this  meant for  the  future of  the  Earth. Were 
the  aliens friendly  as stated,  or deceptive? The answer, as we have ex- 
plained, iss  both,  but  to  humans who considered themselves leaders, the  
answer was not at  alll  clear,,  and many stilll  do  not have itt  sorted out today.  
They tend to  lump  alll  alien visitors together and thus  endlessly discuss alll  
manner of  speculation on what might  be  unfolding. 

The membership of  the  Bilderberger Group changes over time,,  but  onlyy  
slightly,  as the  original group was tasked with sorting  out the  issues and 
coming forth with recommendations, and  the  mission iss  not yett  accom- 
plished. They  meet periodically, inn  secret, here and  there around the  face  of  
the  globe..  They  start up  where theyy  leftt  off  att  the  lastt  meeting, and  churn the  
issues and possibilities until  theyy  againn  become exhausted. Like most 
committees that  cannot come up  with an action plan,,  the  onlyy  thingg  theyy  
accomplish iss  their self  perpetuation. 

Trilateral Commission 

Governments worldwide are run primarily as dictatorships and  second- 
arillyy  byy  committee. Even democracies that  have emerged inn  human society 
are run primarily byy  dictatorship, each executive or appointed head running 
the  area under hiss  or her  control likee  a  petty  dictator. On  tthhee  iissssuuee  ooff  tthhee  
aalliieenn  pprreesseennccee,,  where several countries that  were and  have remained U.S. 
allies  att  the  time of  Roswell were present when MJ-12 was formed, there  was 

no clear dictator to  be  putt  inn  charge.  Just  as  with judges,  where thee  courts 

find  theyy  must have one or three,  but  never two judges  determining thee  

outcome, jusstt  so thee  Trilateral Commission was formed. 

This  committee was commissioned to  hear out  thee  concerns of  thee  

member states and  come to  some conclusion about what steps,  iff  any,  too  take.  

MJ-12 iss  a  U.S.  government agency, where thee  Trilateral Commission iss  an 

international advisory committee. Inn  truth,,  iitt  holds  littllee  power and  comes too  

157 



Zetatalk 

few,,  iff  any,  conclusions. The  issue  of  thee  alien  presence iss fraught  with so  

many unknowns that  thee  usual conclusion iss to  do  nothing, as  thatt  seems the  

safest step..  Nothing iss  beingg  done,  and  lifee  goes on as  before, so continue to  

do  nothing—that iss  thee  conclusion. Doing  nothing, or holding the  status quo, 

iss  often interpreted to  mean suppressing talk  of  thee  alien  presence, so  action 

of  sorts iss  inn  factt  inferred as  a  result of  the  conclusions reached byy  the  
Trilateral Commission. 

Council of  Foreign Relations 

Whereas MJ-12 operations were intended to  run inn  such a  covert 
manner that  thee  public  would never even learn of  their existence, the  inter- 
face  with foreign nations was pushed into  the  publicc  realm. In  the  past,,  
where the  U.S. and  itss  allies and  multinational corporations agreed  to  sup- 
press awareness of  thee  alien  presence, thiss  was accomplished inn  the  U.S. by  
the  influence that  federal agencies have over local governments and  byy  the  
cooperation of  those controlling major  media content. But what occurred inn  
a  Third World country iff  a  sighting or contactee story  got  media coverage? Itt  
would hardly  do  to  have the  U.S. or itss  allies  silent  about these matters while 
other countries talked openly.  Suppression onlyy  succeeds when itt  iss  unilat- 
eral..  

Thus,  thee  MJ-12 arm that  reached out into  the  world at  large,,  beyond itss  
control, sought  to  influence nations to  cooperate byy  maintaining control over 
U.SS. foreignn  relations. U.S. dollars to  be  invested, trade agreements, thee  
placement of  military bases—all could be  used as  leverage to  gainn  agreement 
with the  aims of  MJ-12. Thus itt  has  been that  the  Council of  Foreign Rela- 
tions  seems inordinately involved inn  matters that  seem onlyy  faintly  connected 
to  foreign  affairs. Look to  the  largerr  picture  and  itt  starts to  make sense. Now 
that  the  press to  suppress has  moved to  controlled leaks and information 
releases designed to  awaken thee  populace, expect the  Council of  Foreign 
Relations to  lean  itss  influence inn  thiss  direction. 

New World Order 

There iss  much discussion inn  the  world of  ufology and  beyond about the  
New World Order and various establishment elites who want to  remain inn  
control during  and  through troubled times. They  are on topp  now, and  want to  
remain there. They  fear  social unrest inn  the  extreme. Any  alternative to  

1588 



Cover-up 

losing  their  control iss  acceptable, and the  misery  of  others iss  the  least  of  their 
concems. These elites  can be  members of  a  government who enjoy  power 
and influence due  to  their  authority, the  wealthy who enjoy  an easy lifee  and  
can generally buyy  their way out of  troubles, corporate heads who are used to  
the  concept that  theyy  command, military leaders who can’t imagine anyone 
else  inn  charge, religious leaders who fear  to  stand alone inn  the  world not 
clothed in  the  reverence people cast their way, and any others in  aa  particular 
position of  power, forr  whatever reason. As  being  an elitist  iss  an attitude, not 
alll  in  these categories, of  course, are elites. 

What iss  their  behavior, and how can their  motives be  discerned? 
Essentially, anything that  spreads thee  truth and  educates people, allowing 
them to  make their own decisions, iss  not what thee  elites desire. Therefore, 
vehicles like  books, telephone connections, open correspondences, and  most 
certainly the  Internet givee  people information freedom, not what the  elites 
desire,  but  matters like  book burning, communications strictures, and  censor- 
shipp  show the  heavy  hand of  the  elites. Independence iss  another worry of  thee  
elites.  When people can grow and  market their  own crops, set  their  own 
prices,  and  travel about,  theyy  achieve freedom from repression—not what the  
elites desire—but when people  fear  to  move for  fear  of  starving, and are not 
givenn  travel permits anyway, the  heavy  hand of  the  elites  iss  clear.  

Those attempting to  establish the  New World Order seek to  keepp  man 
ignorant, but  most importantly theyy  seek to  keepp  man nervous and despair- 
ingg..  They  are like  the  parent who tellss  their  child that  no one else  would 
want them,  so as to  control the  child through fear  of  abandonment. They  
equate to  the  husband who tellss  hiss  wife she  iss  undesirable, the  better to  
control the  wife who may be  thinking of  leaving him. They  equate to  repres- 
sive  governments who telll  their citizenry that  other countries would brutalize 
them,  the  better to  prevent emigration. Therefore, watch where these prac- 
ttiicceess  ccrroopp  uupp,,  and  do  not  be  dissuaded byy  clever covers for  controlling 
motives. 

Who are those attempting to  establish thee  New World Order? The  

banking industry, firstt  and  foremost, as  finances are such aa  fragilee  thing..  
Finances are built  onlyy  upon faith.  Inn  factt,,  theyy  have no substance wwhhaattssoo--  
ever. All  those high-paid salaries—poof! All  that  chatter about the  value of  
thiss  stock or that,,  the  carefully monitored stock and  bond listingss,,  iitt  iiss  alll  jusstt  
so  much hot  airr..  One must realize thatt  bankers and  stock brokers and bond 

1599 



Zetatalk 

dealers do  not have alternative professions. There are onlyy  so  many accoun- 

tants employable, and  most work forr  littllee  pay  and  under pressure to  be  

exacting. What would happen to  their  world iff  people  stopped  thinking thatt  

their  hard-earned savings  were safe  and  secure inn  their  hands? The crash of  

1929,  forr  one. 

Silencing Methods 

Individuals inn  government service who become aware of  MJ-12 as  
more than  a  rumor are of  course sworn to  silence. In  most cases, the  motiva- 
tion  to  cooperate with the  edict iss  membership inn  MJ-12, which grants  MJ-12 
the  rightt  to  killl  the  errant member should theyy  gett  loose lipss..  Individuals 
being  initiated into  MJ-12 membership signn  papers granting MJ-12 that  rightt,,  
but  most think of  this  as a  formality, an indication of  the  seriousness of  the  
subject, and  expect to  have endless warnings and  discussions longg  before any 
such action would be  taken. In  fact,,  what occurs when the  issue comes up  i1ss  
a  quick  triall  and  execution, as  delays  and  warnings are what allow leaks to  
occur and  preventing thiss  from occurring iss  the  pointt  of  the  death sentence 
clause. 

Even during  a  time when deliberate leaks about thee  existence and  
identity  of  MJ-12 are on the  increase, uncontrolled and  unexpected leaks  are 
stilll  alarming to  thee  leadership of  MJ-12. These are inn  the  main military men, 
who joined  the  military and rose inn  the  ranks precisely because of  their need 
for  tightt  control, so loose lippss  not  intended to  be  loose are invariably alarm- 
ingg..  Prior to  issuing  a  death sentence, the  guiltyy  party  iss  always brought inn  
forr  questioning, an almost instant arrangement due  to  the  travel service we 
provide to  MJ-12, which comes complete with our abilityy  to  cloak the  
movements of  our shipss  and  the  activities of  thee  passengers while on an 
official MJ-12 triipp..  Once guilltt  or evidence of  deliberate intentions iss  ascer- 
tained,  often byy  injecting the  subject  with truth  serum, sentence iss  rapidly  
carried out.  

When a  prominent individual iss silenced, the  death iss  carefully orches- 
trated to  appear as an accident or suicide. If  intense public  scrutiny iss  
expected, the  body  iss  involved inn  an accident that  none would question, such 
as  inn  the  airplane crash that  killed Clinton’s Secretary of  Transportation Ron 
Brown. The cause of  death iss  obvious, so the  body  iss  not examined inn  detail..  
Where the  individual iss livingg  a  quiett  lifee,,  a a car accident or perhaps a  sport- 

1600 



C‘Coovveerr--up 

ingg  accident, as in  the  death of  former CIA director William Colby,  might  be  
involved. Other options include a  simulated heart attack,  via  a  needle 
inserted through the  armpit where puncture wounds would not be  discovered, 
or a  simulated stroke—both caused by  drugs  injected and rapidly disappear- 
ingg  from the  blood stream, undetectable upon autopsy. 

President Kennedy 

President John F..  Kennedy was killed under orders of  MJ-12 as  he  was 
threatening to  telll  the  American public  the  truth about Roswell. JFK was of  
tthhee  ooppiinniioonn  tthhaatt  tthhee  public  would accept the  fact  of  the  alien presence without 
undue panic,,  but  inn  those dayss  MJ-12 was stillll  affronted with the  personali- 
tiess  and actions of  thee  service-to-self aliens that  thee  CIA,  as  an arm of  MJ-12, 
continually made alliances with. JFK believed inn  the  strength of  the  human 
spiritt,,  inn  itss  abilityy  to  sort  things  out,  and  inn  any case feltt  the  public  had  the  
rightt  to  know what theyy  were facing.  The CIA wanted thee  knowledge theyy  
hoped to  gett  from the  service-to-self aliens who were playing them along,,  
and  theyy  wanted thiss  knowledge forr  themselves and  themselves only..  Thus, 
theyy  used their influence with MJ-12, which inn  those days  was considerable, 
to  press for  JFK’s assassination, which theyy  were allowed to  implement when 
the  order was finally  given.  

MJ-12 has  recently released us from our agreement to  remain silent on 
the  Kennedy assassination. This agreement to  remain silent covered certain 
matters involving the  Secret Government and the  alien presence. Should 
humans be  incensed byy  thiss,,  that  we knew something theyy  desired to  know 
but  would not  share the  information, they  should contemplate what lifee  might 
be  like  without our having an agreement with  the  government. In  this  
situation, onlyy  the  service-to-self aliens would be  communicating, having, as  
you say,  the  inside track. Such was the  situation when we firstt  encountered 
your government, which had  been  vastlyy  misinformed and  was engaged inn  alll  
manner of  harmful practices under the  influence of  the  service-to-self crowd. 
This has  now turned around, but  we are honorable inn  our agreements, and  a  
promise made was to  be  a  promise kept..  

The JFKK  incident iss  one which hardened and  increased thee  determina- 
tion  to  keep  elected officials inn  thee  dark as  much as  possible  about tthhee  
existence and  activities of  MJ-12. Prior to  JFK,  presidents and  other elected 

officials were already  beingg  keptt  inn  thee  dark,,  a  decision made byy  an exitingg  

161 



Zetatalk 

president who didd  not  want a  rival  political  party  granted  such knowledge. 

JFEK learned what he  did  due  to  leaks,  shared thiss  with  a girrll  friend longg  

known to  be  so reliant on sedatives that  she  could be  expected to  murmur 

forth  thiss  information with  the  next man who shared her  pillow,  and  argued  

incessantly with MJ-12 representatives who came to  visitt  him under other 

pretenses. The CIA also  had  Marilyn Monroe killed because of  her  mouth. 

Drug  overdose iss  a  painless and  quiett  way to  go,  and  inn  one given  to  relying  
on thee  temporary comfort that  sedatives can bring,,  raises littlee  suspicion. 

JFK, Jr..  

The accident that  plunged JFK,  Jr..,,  into  the  waves below was not an 
accident inn  the  normal sense. The small private  plane  faltered, plunging 
several thousand feet  in  seconds—sure death as  those who arranged thiss  
accident knew would occur. The impact of  a  rapidlyy  dropping plane  shatters 
the  plane,,  destroying mechanical evidence which would be  the  onlyy  clue to  
what actually  had occurred. Why was JFK,  Jr..,,  targeted,  when he  was justt  a  
small boy,,  surelyy  out of  the  loop,,  when hiss  fathers suspicious death occurred? 
The family  talks,,  behind closed doors,  thee  elders passing information down 
to  younger members now and  then. JFK, Jr..,,  was noted forr  a  certain rebel- 
liousness, being  unconventional and  adventurous, and  these traits  doomed 
him.  Those responsible forr  hiss  father's death watch closely lestt  the  secrets 
theyy  have keptt  from the  public  leak  out,,  and  theyy  knew that  such  information 
was unlikely to  rest easy inn  the  hands of  an offended and  affectionate son. 

th 
won 

a 

a. 

1622 



26  
Opportunists 

Between the  time of  Roswell and  the  present day,,  that  portion  of  the  
U.S.  government that  MJ-12 had  reached absolutely was warned of  the  
approach of  the  12th  Planet, known also  as  Nibiru or Planet X,  and  theyy  
absolutely set  about tryingg  to  protect themselves in  underground installations. 
The CIA was front and  center inn  thiss  regard,  with  the  military close behind. 
At  the  inception of  the  Apollo program, the  elitee  of  the  secret government 
were looking to  several different means of  dealing with the  coming cata- 
clysms. 

Alternative I1  

Alternative 1|  was to  reduce overpopulation and sculptt  the  facee  off  mankind 
to  their  likingg..  Portions off  the  government, and we are here speaking off  rogue 
CIA officers, set  out to  trim and prune the  Earth' ss  humanity to  their  liking..  Thus 
we have the  AIDS and Ebola viruses, as well  as various wars and conflicts off  
which the  CIA always seems to  be  at  the  center. This  alternative was abandoned 
as uncontrollable, because thee  steady  spread  off  disease among thee  so-called 
undesirables inevitably started infecting thee  perpetrators too. 

1633 



ZetaTtalk 

Alternative 2  

Alternative 2  was to  create isolated underground communities byy  

burrowing into  subterranean cavities, and itt  iss  no longer a  secret that  opulent  

underground escape hatches, complete with  golff  courses, were constructed forr  

the  elite.  

Alternative 3  

Alternative 3  was to  establish space stations on other planets, riding  out 
the  cataclysms on another planet  such as Mars or the  Earths dead twin,  which 
rides the  Earth's orbit,,  justt  opposite thee  Earth, thus hidden from  view behind 
the  Sun. This  alternative required the  CIA  and military to  leave their home 
planet  with itss  comforts, and soon proved unworkable. 

Some stories have itt  that  humans derived the  three scenarios them- 
selves,  but  the  stories coming from sources closer to  the  heart of  the  matter 
pointt  to  alien  suggestions on these alternatives. Why would humans decide 
to  locate on other planets  to  escape pollution or nuclear fallout, when theyy  
have neither thee  means to  travel to  other planets,  the  capability of  sustaining 
themselves there,,  or  a  diree  pollution situation? These suggestions were given  
to  humans byy  aliens inn  the  service-to-self orientation, and  falsely  presented to  
thee  humans involved as being  a  concern for  their survival. As  the  high-level 
government contacts were strongly inn  the  service-to-self orientation, theyy  
saw alll  this  as  their escape, their  alternatives, but  what the  aliens trulyy  sought 
was to  subvert these humans to  sink  more and  more deeply  into  the  service- 
to-self orientation. 

Alternative 2  

The U.S.  government went underground, at  Mount Weather and numer- 
ous other spots.  This  fact  iss  not even beingg  denied by  the  government any 
more. These underground installations, when discovered, were explained 
away as a  cold war precaution inn  case of  nuclear attack,  but  a  quick  calcula- 
tion  belies that  explanation. The number of  people to  be  housed, and  the  
amount of  food and water stored,  would not support thee  residents for  the  
length  of  time itt  would take  forr  radioactivity to  fade. The stores would 
support them forr  dayss  or weeks at  best.  

1644 



Opportunists 

Clearly these installations were meant forr  a  short-term stay,,  after  which 
the  residents would emerge back onto the  surface to  scout about for  supplies..  
With a  safe  and undetectable hideout, the  plann  was to  send out raiding parties  
that  would come back with supplies, and disappear inn  front of  those who 
might  be  inn  hot  pursuit of  their snatched goods. Thus the  government, sworn 
to  protect and lead the  people, would instead steal  from them, but  as  this  was 
inn  the  main nothing new to  those planning thiss  escape theyy  saw no philo- 
sophical conflict inn  proceeding. Today MJ-12 iss  not looking to  avoid the  
coming cataclysms inn  underground installations, as  theyy  realize these will  be  
ddeeaatthh  ttrraappss,,  aa  ffaacctt  the  service-to-self aliens encouraging this  alternative were 
well aware of..  

Alternative 3  

Alternative 3  was implemented, but  thiss  cannot be  demonstrated to  the  
satisfaction of  skeptics. Of  course, there are clues such as  the  tightt  controls 
placed  over transmissions from probes, and  the  odd malfunction of  thee  Mars 
probe  justt  as itt  was about to  hitt  pay dirt..  The service-to-self aliens contacting 
the  government sent representatives of  the  U.S. and other governments up  to  
these places,  to  demonstrate that  such aa  livingg  arrangement was hospitable. 
Matters soon went amuck, however. Soon thee  human guests became stressed 
inn  the  heavy service-to-self environment. Far from home, theyy  found them- 
selves watching, continuously, on a  dailyy  basis and  with no respite,,  the  harsh 
reality  of  lifee  inn  the  service-to-self community. Stress diseases cropped up  
among the  humans—ulcers, heart palpitations and arthritic pains..  They 
became distracted inn  their work, stricken with headaches and  vague feelings 
of  weakness. 

The plann  was abandoned, and thee  humans who participated were 
exterminated. Their bodies were not returned to  Earth,  nor should one look 
for  thiss  to  happen. One should recall that  the  members of  the  various govern- 
ments who were participating were strongly inn  the  service-to-self orientation 
themselves, and  had no hesitation on eliminating their  human volunteers, 

whom theyy  had  so warmly congratulated jusstt  weeks before. Members ooff  tthhee  
government may have been told  that  theyy  will  be  taken care of  when the  
cataclysms occur, but  these are simply  thee  usual  liess  that  tthhee  service-to-self 
aliens putt  forth.  The  onlyy  humans who willl  be  livingg  among thee  service-to- 
self  aliens after  the  cataclysms are those solidlyy  inn  the  service-to-self orienta- 
tionn,,  and  theyy  will  find  thiss  arrangement anything but  a  salvation. 

1655 



Zetatalk 

Moon Installations 

The world watched inn  raptt  attention during  thee  firstt  Apollo Moon 

landing—a firstt  forr  mankind. The  comments made byy  the  astonished astro- 

nauts, who noted signss  that  theyy  were not  the  firstt  visitors to  the  Moon, were 

instantly  broadcast to  thee  raptt  audience participating inn  thiss  historic landing 

worldwide, thee  general  populace. The astronauts were silenced with thee  

ultimate threats used and  on occasion carried out inn  those days—death, inn  a  

manner that  iss  undetectable as  an execution. Those with high-security 

clearances know these are not idlee  threats, as  theyy  see them enforced or  learn 
of  these instances, and  thus take  them quitee  seriously. 

Enclaves of  service-to-self aliens are situated on the  farr  side  of  the  
Moon, the  side  that  never faces the  Earth,  positioned there so as  to  be  inn  
compliance with the  Council of  World’s requirement that  an element of  doubt 
be  maintained. Endless rumors abound, however, due  to  leaks byy  members 
of  the  secret government or frank capture on film  inn  NASA’s archives. Itt  iss  
clear  that  shipss  are exitingg  and returning to  the  farr  side  of  the  Moon. There iss  
nothing mysterious about residential arrangements, which harbor facilities 
forr  shipp  repair,,  food production, administrative activities, and  any  amuse- 
ments that  overlords may personally be  able  to  secure forr  themselves. 

Star Wars 

Humans are attempting to  preempt the  coming cataclysms byy  develop- 
ingg  a  Star  Wars shield. How could this  shield be  used against  space shipss  
invading from other galaxies when the  space shipss  can move into  another 
density,  and  slide  rightt  past  the  shield? How could thiss  shield be  used against  
nuclear missiles directed toward the  Americas, when nuclear weapons 
exploded inn  space inn  most cases would cause more havoc with  a  nuclear 
winter than iff  allowed to  localize? How could this  shield be  used against the  
mass of  haill  stones that  compose the  taill  of  the  giantt  comet, the  12th  Planet, 
which sweeps the  Earth during  every passage and  peppers the  Earth here and  
there,  when the  shield could not  possibly knock out every tinyy  hail  stone? 

What then  iss  the  unstated purpose of  thee  Star  Wars shield? The hope  iss  
that  by  putting giantt  lasers up  into  thee  skies,  that  the  comet itself could be  
disabled byy  a  direct hit..  As  this  planet  iss  massive, outweighing the  Earth byy  
several times,  destruction would not be  byy  physical means. The intention,  
and the  hope,  was to  start some kind of  chain reaction that  could cause the  

1666 



Opportunists 

planet  to  blow itself up.  The means byy  which this  would happen has  not yet  
been established, but  the  service-to-self humans contemplating this  wanted to  
gett  started anyway. 

Philadelphia Experiment 

The Philadelphia Experiment much inn  the  media iss  a  fraud perpetrated 
to  distract people  from pursuing the  real  Philadelphia Experiment, which 
didn’t take  place  anywhere near Philadelphia. Servicemen were indeed 
injured,  and  because the  risk  of  questions existed, the  cover story  was putt  up  
to  effectively pointt  any  questioners to  a  dead end.  The real  experiment with 
moving between dimensions, which can and  does occur naturally on your 
third-density planet,,  was done inn  a  warehouse inn  Kansas——ttruurraal, remote, 
virtually uninhabited because of  sparse farm houses and  farm hands. The 
area was inhabited onllyy  during  planting and harvesting times. 

Under intense compression, such as  occurs inn  the  center of  the  Earth,  
third-density matter emits energy rays which approximate those naturally 
occurring inn  fourth density.  These rays escape the  core of  the  Earth inn  bursts 
on occasion, thus  causing the  problems reported inn  the  Bermuda Triangle, forr  
instance, where shipss  or planes seem to  disappear, then reappear. Essentially, 
the  third-density matter iss  temporarily confused as to  itss  proper rate of  
vibration, and moves into  thee  fourth-density state. This iss  akin to  what we 
have done to  contactees when theyy  report having  moved through walls. 
However, inn  thee  hands of  humans, who received information on how to  
produce thiss  effect from service-to-self aliens,  thiss  abilityy  proved disastrous. 
Moving into  fourth density  requires more than justt  bombardment of  matter to  
the  pointt  of  compression tension. Itt  requires a  total  shiftt,,  and  iff  one expects 
to  return, a  total  shift  back. 

The humans conducting thiss  experiment were of  such an orientation 
that  theyy  did  not care about thee  servicemen beingg  used,  oorr  what mmiigghhtt  

become of  them. Rather than  hesitate, knowing theyy  did  not have alll  thee  

parameters inn  place,,  theyy  proceeded. The servicemen, who were encased inn  a  

metal box,,  were leftt  partially  inn  thee  fourth density,  alongg  with portions of  
their  container. They  were, of  course, alll  dead,  but  thee  witnesses of  thiss  

experiment, and  the  associates whom thee  servicemen had  jusstt  recently been 
mingling with,,  were many. The government concocted a  repeat  experiment, 
which proceeded partt  way, enough so  that  the  story  as  to  thee  results was 

1677 



Zetatalk 

similar., Additional servicemen were subjected, knowing the  probable resulttss,,  

but  most of  these survived to  chat  among themselves and  their  families. Allll  

secrets escape, leaks occur, and  inn  thiss  way thee  investigators would be  

altogeetthheerr  inn  thee  wrong vicinity,  and  talkingg  to  altogether the  wrong partici--  

pants!!  

1688 



faati f 
Disinformation 

i. 

in \ VT] ff 

tWty  ti  \\ t 

A  stilll  hotlyy  debated topicc  iss  the  validity of  what are purported to  be  
documents from MJ-12, datingg  back to  President Truman’s era. These 
carefully manufactured documents are authentic enough inn  appearance to  
convince many that  theyy  are real,,  yett  flaws exist  that  have others convinced 
theyy  are a  fraud. Both situations are true,  as thee  documents are what could be  
termed aa  half  truth. Where the  documents line  up  with  the  facts  iss  inn  the  
existence of  MJ-12, periodic meetings inn  secret, and  inn  those dayss  the  in--  
volvement of  the  President of  the  U.S.. Where the  documents part  from the  
truth  iss  where theyy  givee  the  impression that  MJ-12 was aa  fleeting  response, 
that  the  matters theyy  addressed were limited inn  scope, or that  theyy  were 
almost casual about dealing  with  the  alien presence and what thiss  would 
mean forr  humanity. 

The Hubble 

The publicc  getss  lesss  and  less  information from NASA, the  ironn  doors 
slamming shut,,  the  information archived rather than displayed, and  made 
available inn  dribbles and  drabs like  scraps of  meat thrown to  hungry dogss  
from thee  master’s table. Never mind thatt  the  public,,  thee  taxpayers, have paidd  
forr  the  information thatt  iss  so arrogantly withheld from them byy  NASA. And 
what are thee  excuses given  forr  withholding simple  views of  thee  universe 

1699 



Zetatalk 

from thee  public,,  who foots  thee  bill??  A  Principal Investigator has  firstt  rightss..  

Does the  Principal Investigator pay forr  thee  Hubble, thatt  he  or she  has  firstt  

rights?  Inn  thatt  NASA iss  not a  government agency, though  theyy  have arranged 

to  linee  up  at  thee  public  trough  along  with the  politicians, the  publicc  cannot 

easillyy  take  them to  account with  their elected officials. NASA and  thee  

Hubble trouble are an arm’s lengthh  away, and  byy  design..  

What iss  itt  that  the  publicc  iss  not  supposed to  see?  The public  iss  not 

supposed to  see the  UFOs that  the  astronauts saw with their bare  eyes and  

thatt  thee  Hubble records regularly.  The publicc  iss  not  supposed to  see the  

evidence that  NASA and  JPL hold likee  candy  to  dribble out when theyy  need 
funding, such  as  evidence that  planets  suitable forr  lifee  exist,,  orbiting around 
other suns. The publicc  iss  not supposed to  see evidence that  NASA iss  publish- 
ingg  erroneous infrared catalogs, so that  the  12th  Planet, a.k.a. Planet X,,  does 
not  appear inn  thee  official IRAS catalogs and  so iss  not sought inn  the  skies 
where itt  now rides. The public  iss  not  supposed to  see evidence thatt  would 
telll  thee  truth about any distractions, such as  comet and meteor alarms, thatt  
the  establishment wishes thee  publicc  to  chase after.  

HAARP 

Underground activities have taken place  alll  over the  U.S. inn  conjunction 
with activities desired byy  the  service-to-self aliens who earlyy  made contact 
with  the  government. The government soon became wary of  these aliens,  
and  rightfully so,  but  have not disrupted the  agreements theyy  entered into  forr  
fear  of  reprisals. The service-to-self alien  goalss  are to  gainn  recruits, and  fear  
and  suspicion, rather than cooperation and enlightenment, are their  mode. 
They  have taken to  emitting low-frequency sounds, which some but  not  alll  
humans can detect. This  affects health,  and  makes everyone uneasy, espe- 
ciallyy  as  the  government can’t explain  what’s goingg  on and  gets  the  blame. 
Humans hearing that  the  government iss  up  to  something down there,,  inn  
conjunction with evil  aliens,  are discomfited, and  that,,  of  course, iss  the  goall..  

HAARP iss  not aa  reall  project,  and  the  tale  has  simply  been put  forth  inn  
order to  afford a  cover for  other activities. The U.S. Military iss  deeply  
embarrassed byy  their past  involvement with service-to-self aliens,  an involve- 
ment which iss  rapidlyy  ending but  nonetheless lingers  on. Some of  thee  rumors 
putt  forth  byy  humans wanting the  populace to  keep  aliens at  arms length  had  
given  the  impression that  humans should fear  aliens,,  what with human body  

1700 



Disinformation 

parts floating in  vats and the  like.  To  correct the  misimpression, MJ-12 
cooked up  the  HAARP mystique. Since activities in  association with ser- 
vice-to-self aliens included strange low frequency sounds, HAARP took on 
that  aspect. Since aliens had been known to  create blackouts and  MJ-12 
wanted the  illusion of  a  human hand at  thee  switch should this  ever happen 
again,  HAARP took on this  aspect also.  

Gelatin Rain 

A  theme inn  movies about space travel,  and inn  particular about visitors 
from outer space, iss  the  dangerous microbe that  arrives, against  which there 
iss  no human immunity. For  those who wish thee  populace to  keepp  aliens at  
arm’s length,,  this  seems aa  perfect  scare tactic. To  test  the  response, both to  
thee  physical reaction to  various substances that  were candidates forr  such 
scare tactics and of  the  psychological reaction to  such substances arriving 
from the  sky,,  several small and isolated towns were selected at  random as 
guinea pigs..  The infecting substance was dropped, the  result of  a  skyy  shot  
that  burst and  scattered when itt  reached a  certain altitude. CIA plants  inn  the  
town, postured as transients or lurking in  bushes with  listening devices, 
watched and  recorded the  resulting reactions. 

To  the  dismay of  the  cooks,  the  brew did  not result inn  the  panic  and  fear  
of  the  unknown that  was expected. To  the  contrary, the  townspeople inn  alll  
the  towns so subjected to  thiss  experiment refused to  do  anything but  scruti- 
nize  the  gelatinn  substance that  was dropped on them from the  sky..  They  
hired scientists, and elicited free  examinations, and  probed and  questioned. 
Most scams succeed onlyy  when such scrutiny iss  prevented, as inevitably 
there iss  evidence that  points  to  the  truth.  In  order to  infect humans, germs of  
some sort that  grow inn  human tissue had  to  be  involved, and thus  human 
tissue to  support these germs until  theyy  could reach a  new host was required. 
Thus, the  alien  glopp  proved to  have human cells  present, aa dead giveaway to  
the  originn  of  the  infecting gelatin..  And since the  reaction of  the  publicc  was 
so alarming, these particular experiments are not likellyy  to  be  repeated. 

Mutilations 

Cattle mutilations were a  service-to-self scam we anticipated would 

faill,,  as  faill  itt  has..  Humans were onlyy  mildlyy  discomfited byy  mutilations, and 
understood theyy  were unlikely  to  become targets. This  was aa  joinntt  alien- 

e17a) 



Zetatlalk 

human activity.  The aliens involved wished to  instilll  intense fear  and  a  sense 

of  hopelessness inn  the  human society,  so that  theyy  would be  inclined to  be  

self-focused from their  fearful state and  lean  toward the  service-to-self 

orientation. Thus theyy  targeted  the  genitalss  and  other sensitive and  protected  

organs such  as  eyes and  mouth and  thee  anal  opening. The message was also  

disseminated that  mutilations were done while thee  animal was alive,,  tortured 

not onlyy  byy  the  painn  but  byy  the  knowledge of  what was being  mutilated. 

The  humans involved are partt  of  what iss  looselyy  called thee  New World 

Order. Their motives are to  keepp  human societyy  moving inn  itss  present tracks,  

under the  control of  the  present establishment. Human participants selected 
and  marked the  cattle,,  and  having thus  tagged  the  target, theyy  were inn  a  
position to  be  alerted when the  mutilation began.  No  actual communication 
flowed between the  humans involved and  the  aliens, as  mutilations at  firstt  
began as  a  human activity  and  to  the  surprise  of  the  human perpetrators, 
aliens began  doingg  the  mutilations before theyy  could arrive on the  scene. Not 
ones to  turn down a  favor,  theyy  jusstt  went along..  

Black Helicopters 

Reports of  black helicopters harassing and  following ufologists and  
contactees and  associated with mutilations are so frequent and  numerous as  
to  be  considered a  fact,,  even by  skeptics. Everyone expects them to  be  an 
arm of  the  government, and would be  shocked to  learn that  their  ownership 
and  activities are not under government control. Private members of  the  
establishment have funded and  run this  enterprise, with the  goall  of  maintain- 
ingg  the  status quo. Consider how thee  activities of  the  black helicopters and  
M§JJ--112 differ. Clearly byy  being  noisy,  flashyy,,  and  lingering about in  public  
view,  the  black helicopters are not the  arm of  a  government group concerned 
with secrecy. Mutilations are also  byy  designn  noticeable, leaving largee  car- 
casses mangled inn  ways impossible for  anyone to  ignore,,  and  thiss  would nnoott  
be  something a  secret government arm would engage in..  

The black helicopters are housed att  private  facilities, thee  perfect cover. 
A  barn,,  a  warehouse, or a  hollow dirtt  mound work as well as  a  vacant hangarr  
at  a  private  landing stripp..  Helicopters, of  course, need onlyy  a  spot  to  land 
upon, and  can be  draped with  camouflage cloth or have collapsible walls of  a  
shack or garage erected around itt  once itt  has  landed. In  a  sheltered and 
isolated spot,,  such activity  goes unnoticed, with thee  exitt  and return of  the  

1722 



Disinformation 

chopper accomplished inn  minutes. How does thiss  enterprise learn who thee  
contactees or ufologists are,  and of  their schedules and routes? Establish- 
ment groups who can afford fleets of  sleek choppers can certainly lure  ex- 
CIA members into  their employ. 

Why hasn’t a  private  operation like  thiss  been exposed, by  either the  
government, the  media, or private  individuals? Money buys  silence, and  
where money iss  not effective, accidents are arranged. They  are not pros- 
eeccuutteedd  bbyy  tthhee  federal government because theyy  can blackmail the  prosecutor, 
bbeeiinngg  aware of  the  existence and  operation of  MJ-12. Squeeze us and  secrets 
you don’t want revealed may come out,,  iss  thee  threat,  so an uneasy staring  
contest has  ensued, with neither party  blinking. In  addition, aa  number of  the  
perpetrators, captains of  industry, are members of  thee  largerr  MJ-12, and  the  
good-old-boy system iss  alive and  well. 

Remote Viewing 

Lest anyone be  confused, what iss  termed remote viewing iss  simply 
telepathy, a  natural and  fairlyy  common occurrence among mankind and  the  
animals who call  the  Earth their home. Telepathy iss  intrinsic to  lifee,,  but  onlyy  
about 10% of  the  human populace has  enough native capacity to  take note of  
itt..  The government has  never failed to  use telepathy to  accomplish whatever 
theyy  might consider their ends,  but  after  observing the  seamless way aliens 
could work together, without a  word spoken, the  issue got  hot.  As  MJ-12 
was inn  those dayss  heavily dominated byy  the  CIA,  theyy  took up  the  topicc  and  
infected the  goalss  of  the  operation with their  own twists. 

Remote viewing under thee  CIA’s auspices was not done to  simply 
garmneer intelligence on legitimate government-security concerns, itt  was used 
to  invade privacy, secure blackmail material, assist break-ins and  thefts,,  
amuse agents who wanted to  snoop forr  personal reasons, and  keep  tabs  on 
rriivvaall  government agencies. When the  operation failed to  curtail enemy 
actions, itt  ostensibly was shut  down, but  as  with alll  bureaucracy enclaves, iitt  
sought ttoo  perpetuate itself byy  reinventing itss  goals..  Remote viewing would 
become a  handy disinformation tool..  To  ensure that  a  gullible  public  will  

believe, thee  remote-viewing track record iss  supported byy  information sup- 

pliedd  byy  thee  CIA. 

1733 



Zetatalk 

Mass Landing 

The rumor of  a  pending mass landing has  been spread  byy  service-to-self 
groups, periodically, because of  thee  fear  and  anxiety  this  engenders inn  
humans. This iss  byy  design,  as  frightened humans are more easilyy  pushed intoo  
becoming recruits for  the  service-to-self orientation by  emotions that  tend to  
focus one on thee  self..  There will  be  no mass landing. None. The Council of  
Worlds will  prevent thiss,,  and  inn  fact  has  prevented thiss  inn  the  past..  As succhh aa  
landing  iss  much desired byy  the  service-to-self aliens,,  theyy  have of  course 
pushed endlessly for  this..  The onlyy  circumstances thatt  would allow forr  a  
mass landing to  occur would be  for  the  majority of  the  Earth’s inhabitants to  
turn to  thee  service-to-self orientation, and  by  majority we mean that  almost 
100% would have to  be  at  that  pointt..  This  highh  percentage iss  required, 
because the  service-to-self group, beingg  coercive intimidators, iss  not  given  to  
free  will  latitudes. 

ai1  

1744 



28  
Truth 

You willl  find,,  as thee  awakening to  galactic  consciousness proceeds over 
the  next few years, that  the  demand for  proof  of  our existence will  increase 
rather than decrease. You willl  also  find,,  inn  line  with what you have already 
experienced, that  there willl  be  no amount of  proof  that  will  satisfyy  these 
demands. Proof stands before the  world today..  Crop  circles and  their 
residual impact on soill  and vegetation, mass sightings, disappearing pregnan- 
cies..  Homo sapiens, as with most intelligent species, has  the  capacity to  
argue against  unpleasant facts. As  the  unpleasant nature of  these facts  
increases, so do  the  arguments. 

Crop Circles 

Humans have always stood inn  awe of  crop circles,  as you can be  
assured thiss  iss  not the  firstt  era where theyy  have been prevalent. They  speak  
to  thee  subconscious mind, which sees the  patterns and  senses their  meaning, 
and  the  conscious mind hasn’t a  clue.  Crop  circles are tellinngg  you, inn  a  
universal language, of  coming events. We are speaking here not onlyy  of  
physical events, such as  thee  pending polee  shiftt;;  but  spiritual  as well. In  the  
pastt  these simple  but  eloquent messages were leftt,,  with increasing frequency 
and  urgency, leading up  to  aa  polee  shift.  This  time,,  because of  thee  Transfor- 
mation, there iss  more than one message to  relayy..  Crop  circle creation iss  

1755 



Zetatalk 

managed byy  a  group of  aliens that  cannot participate inn  the  Earth’s Transfor- 

mation inn  any  other manner, as  theyy  are aa  life-form that  lives  inn  the  water, 

and  thus  their  shipss  are filled  with the  atmosphere that  theyy  breath—water. 

Thus,  thiss  iss  how theyy  serve. 

Observers have noted that  crop  circles seem to  appear almost instanta- 

neously. They  blink,,  and  then  notice that  something iss  different inn  the  vista  

before them. By  what process iss  thiss  accomplished? Iff  space shipss  are 

landing and  impressing the  ground, then  the  time seems too short. Iff  rays  of  
eenneerrggyy  oorr  aa  force field  are involved, alll  thiss  passes the  notice of  the  observ- 
ers. Crop  circle creation does not require  a  landed shipp  or physical  force. 
The grainn  liess  flatt  because the  structure of  the  stems has  been altered, one 
side  of  the  stem rapidly  growing in  a  process the  reverse of  what occurs 
when growing plants  bend toward the  lightt..  This growth spurt  occurs low to  
the  ground, the  particular ray,  like  laser surgery, focused there. The swirls 
are created due to  the  circular motion of  the  affecting ray,  which circles like  
the  hand of  a  clock,  dropping the  grainn  stalks such  that  theyy  falll  almost 
simultaneously. 

The patterns are being  presented inn  increasing complexity., inn  stepp  with 
your Earth’s internal response to  her  approaching brother. Crop  circles began  
with  a  simple  circle,  statingg  that  the  Earth iss  unruffled inn  her  orbit.  Then dual  
circles and  rings,,  relaying thee  approaching interaction between the  Earth and  
her  brother, the  12th  Planet. The rings,,  of  course, are the  influence of  
gravitational pull,,  increasing. Consider thee  longg  lines connecting circles— 
does not the  12th  Planet,  actingg  as  a  comet, have an approach? Peripheral 
circles represent the  other planets  inn  your solar system, or inn  the  wider 
system that  comprises the  1{2th  Planet’s journey. 

Where crop circles do  occur worldwide, theyy  receive more press and  
attention inn  certain countries, most notably Britain. Cropp  circles occur justt  as  
often inn  third-world countries, but  where one iss  faced with starvation, crop 
circles take a  back seat. Long  after  the  harvest, there iss  little  to  investigate. 
Britain was once the  supreme superpower, ruling  the  waves with her  shipss,,  
and  her  people  longg  yett  to  be  firstt  at  something. Consequently, due to  thee  
press that  iss  given  crop circles inn  Britain, some of  the  best crop circles have 
been placed  there inn  anticipation of  good  press coverage. 

1766 



Truth 

Dead Aliens 

A  recent trend in  the  deliberate Awakening of  the  populace has  been the  
supposed discovery of  pictures of  dead aliens. Following the  Roswell 
autopsy film  a  rash of  such pictures has  emerged. This iss  not by  accident and 
iss  more than justt  copycat behavior. Such pictures are deliberately being  
placed before the  public  to  acclimate them to  the  concept of  visitors from 
other planets and the  odd appearance that  might  be  expected. Since rioting  inn  
the  streets did  not occur as  aa  result of  the  release oof  tthhee  Roswell aauuttooppssyy  
footage, a  carefully staged  fraud which was intended from tthhee  ssttaarrtt  ttoo  bbee  
discovered as  such,  those who would have the  Awakening proceed post  haste 
have encouraged other such nudges. 

Stilll  pictures of  dead bodies are easy to  produce, as  any film  maker will  
confirm. Moosts tof f  thhee  dead alien  photos  are a  combination of  real  human 
bodies or body  partss,,  augmented byy  putty  or burns,  thus  the  semblance of  
realism. Iff  livingg  children are sold  into  prostitution byy  their  parents around 
the  world and the  elderly  abandoned, how easy would itt  be  to  purchase the  
bodies of  dead children and  aged?  Crematoriums are another source of  such 
bodies, as one urn of  ashes looks much likee  another, and  how would thee  
family  know otherwise? These dead bodies, alll  hominoids and none largerr  
than thee  average human, are to  acclimate the  populace to  the  concept of  
intelligent visitors from other worlds. The intended message iss  that  alien 
visitors are not that  much different from humans. 

Madmen 

Humans inn  the  gripp  of  mental illness have longg  been known to  entertain 
the  sane with their  delusions or  paranoia, but  theyy  often telll  the  truth whereas 
others more sane remain in  ddenial.  Pointing the  fingerr  of  an insanity accusa- 
tion  iss  one of  the  most effective ways to  discredit someone, and  thus those 
who have a a history of  mental illness are allowed to  speakk  their  minds and are 
not considered aa  threat byy  the  establishment. Thus,  mentally illl  contactees 
were never harassed by  MJ-12 or  the  establishment, and  even iff  aware of  
government planss  or operations are seldom considered aa  threat. 

TThheere have been cases where street people, often mentally illll  and livingg  
on thee  street to  evade being  institutionalized, have been picked  up  to  be  
handed over to  aliens in  thee  service-to-self orientation, as  partt  of  an arrange- 
ment the  CIA,  as  an arm of  MJ-12, had  with  these alien  groups. Iff  these 

1777 



Zetatlalk 

unfortunate derelicts had  the  inner strength to  justt  say  “no” to  these service- 

to-self aliens,  theyy  survived these encounters because, byy  thee  rules,,  aliens can 

onlyy  affect humans iff  theyy  are givenn  permission. Thus, itt  has  indeed hap--  
pened  that  derelicts survived such encounters and  were returmneedd to  the  
streets, unharmed and  with  subconscious knowledge of  what goes  on. 
Underground chambers, the  association of  military guards with  aliens,  trippss  
on space ships—all thiss  knowledge was expected byy  thee  CIA to  be  taken as 
simply  delusions byy  anyone hearing  such  tales  from the  mouths of  madmen. 

Pseudo Fiction 

Pseudo-fiction may also  be  the  onlyy  way a  story  willl  ever be  told.  What 
do  you think the  chances are of  getting  the  story  of  the  Ebola virus told?  
Would the  U.S. Government not be  liable iff  theyy  came clean on the  CIA’s 
past  activities? Yes,,  and  because of  this,,  thee  story  of  the  Ebola virus will  not 
be  told.  What do  you think the  chances are of  the  real  story  on the  structures 
on Mars getting  into  the  headlines? Can your government set  up  housekeep- 
ingg  on Mars the  way some other man-faced creatures obviously did?  Can the  
military assure you that  theyy  can protect you from invasion from space?  No,  
and  because of  thiss  your government will  continue to  talk  up  the  Star  Wars 
and  Space  Station projects and  pretend that  theyy  are at  the  very cuttingg  edge  
of  space technology, bar  none. 

1788 



29  
Openness 

Cracks began  to  appear inn  thee  cover-up earlyy  on,  but  theyy  were mended 
by  intimidation. This took the  form not onlyy  of  threats and  beratings, but  
physical harm, to  person and  property, and  even death. The rationale was 
that  so much more injuryy  and  devastation would occur, were the  populace to  
panic,,  that  thiss  was justified..  Over time,  the  amount of  disinformation 
increased, until  the  whole situation became awkward and,,  quitee  frankly,  
untenable. Disinformation iss  a  tool  designed to  deal  with short-term or 
delimited affairs. With the  alien  presence, which has  been dragging on and  
most certainly will  not go  away, the  disinformation spread about began  to  be  
more of  a  problem than the  rumors of  the  alien presence. The cover-up 
crowd iss  now having to  face the  implications of  their stories meeting each 
other and  clashing. 

Where before the  focus was on suppression of  chatter about the  alien 
presence, now thiss  chatter iss  encouraged. Where before thee  focus was to  
deny  that  a  polee  shift  was pending, now the  populace iss  being  encouraged to  
think that  something iss  around the  corner. Those inn  the  know have deter- 
mined that  theyy  cannot escape the  polee  shiftt,,  or deflect thee  alien  presence, or  
prevent mankind’s awakening to  the  reality  of  either. Thus,  theyy  now fear  

1799 



Zetatalk 

panicc  inn  an unprepared publicc  more than  theyy  fearr  an awakened public..  
Thus,  the  globall  conspiracy iss  now a  conspiracy of  deliberate leaks,  informa- 

tionn  channels supported, and  polee  shiftt  preparation byy  various segments of  

society..  The establishment iss  well  aware thatt  a  collapse of  civilization willll  

affect them more than those theyy  currently  look down on. Iff  theyy  can’t 
escape, then theyy  must stand and  prepare. 

The cover-up iss  dropping not  onlyy  because itt  iss  difficult to  maintain, 
however., MJ-12 now wants the  public  to  become aware. The secrets theyy  
carry liee  heavy  on their  hearts and  minds, and  theyy  have gradually come to  an 
understanding that  malevolent aliens,  those inn  the  service-to-self orientation, 
can be  dispelled by  humans with a  wave of  the  hand. The  Call  can be  given,  
and  The Call  can be  taken away—by the  human who gave The  Call.  MJ-12 
wishes thiss  to  be  publicized, and  we are happy to  obligee  here inn  ZetaTalk. 
Along these lines,,  MJ-12 wants their  involvement with benign, or  service-to- 
others,  aliens to  become generally known, and  deliberate leaks are being  
allowed. The cracks will  widen, and  the  truth  will  come forth  inn  bursts, but  
one should not look forr  the  walls to  ever come down completely. 

M§J-12 has  struggled for  decades with leaks inn  the  cover-up and the  
searingly obvious contradictions provided by  thousands of  well-documented 
facts  inn  thee  hands of  scientists, journalists, contactees, ufology groups, and  
ex-government officials. Having argued  among themselves endlessly about 
whether to  dropp  the  cover-up, the  matter was taken from their hands byy  the  
tide  of  events outside of  their  control. The cover-up iss  collapsing, rather than  
being  dropped, but  the  effect iss  the  same. With or without a  cover-up story,  
thee  reaction to  incidents such as  the  Roswell crash or the  discovery of  Planet 
X  would have been much the  same—some believe, some doubt,  some deny,,  
and lifee  goes on as  before. A  cover-up, which iss  a  statement that  itt  didn’t 
happen or  doesn’t exist,  can be  replaced by  a  noncommittal stance, no 
comment. 

Without a  cover-up, results are much the  same, but  those struggling to  
maintain the  cover-up have an easier time. There iss  lesss  contention and  more 
philosophizing. Without a  cover-up, thee  awareness of  the  alien presence 
would come less  from articles and  documentaries arguing  the  case and more 
from the  general news relaying yett  another sighting. Without a  cover-up, thee  
existence of  Planet X,,  openly  discussed in  thee  news alongg  with the  Earth’s 
geological history,  would find  the  same mix of  denial and  pondering that  

1800 



Openness 

occurs today.  Official denial of  the  forthcoming cataclysms has  onlyy  gener- 
ated angry announcements and heated discussion from those who would have 
the  populace alerted. The results are the  same, with aa  certain percentage 
peering through their  telescopes or nervously preparing aa  safe  haven, jusstt  in  
case. 

What iss  different, as the  result of  a  long  and  entrenched cover-up, iss  that  
the  populace now has  aa  deep  sense of  distrust of  their government. This need 
not have happened, aa  fact  that  MJ-12 now realizes, as  the  Awakening pro- 
cceeeeddss  aappaaccee,,  lleeaavviinngg  tthhee  cover-up like  aa  crumpled and  dirtyy  sheet behind itt  on 
the  path..  

ZetaTalk Role 

MJ-12 iss  highly  interested inn  ZetaTalk, as  itt  has  potential forr  harm or 
good,  inn  their  opinion. We,  the  Zetas,  thrash thiss  out with MJ-12 behind the  
scenes. There are some matters that  we cannot discuss, being  restrained byy  
thee  Rules of  Engagement, as  aliens inn  the  service-to-self are actively  in--  
volved. Where thiss  comes up  on ZetaTalk we so state the  reason forr  our 
reticence. There are some matters that  we cannot discuss due  to  our long--  
standing agreements with MJ-12, and  we have likewise so stated thiss  as our 
reasons forr  reticence when thiss  has  come up  on ZetaTalk. 

But there are many times when we givee  but  a  partiall  response, holding 
back from fulll  disclosure because MJ-12 has,,  inn  essence, edited our state- 
ment. This takes  thee  form,  invariably, of  a  lack  of  details, who did  that,,  when 
and  where. We refer to  military intelligence units  without being  specific. We 
refer to  the  leadership of  MJ-12 being  composed primarily of  bureaucrats 
holding  parallel  leadership titless,,  without being  specific. Most certainly we 
do  not name names. Iff  we mention that  deaths have occurred to  maintain 
ssiilleennccee  we most often do  not say  who was so assassinated, nor do  we name 
tthhee  aassssaassssiinn..  We stay  as general  as we need to  be  to  placate  MJ-12, but  as 
specific  as  we need to  be  to  describe thee  situation. Inn  thee  end,,  both  our 
motives and the  motives of  MJ-12 are served. 

Where we wish  forr  the  Awakening and  Transformation too  proceed as  

quickly as  possible, MJ-12 has  alsoo  moved to  thiss  stance, having  realized that  
thiss  cannot be  stopped  and  that  suppressing the  truth  onlyy  allows thee  liess  
spread  by  those inn  the  service-to-self orientation to  prevail.  Where we 

fervently wish  forr  humans to  understand thee  control theyy  have over visits 

181 



Zetaltalk 

from aliens,  MJ-12 likewise dearlyy  wants thiss  message out,,  having  been 

duped  themselves byy  aliens inn  thee  service-to-self orientation. Where we wish 

to  warn humans of  thee  cataclysms which willl  accompany the  pending polee  

shiftt,,  MJ-12 likewise cannot bear to  think  of  thee  millions of  innocents who 

willl  be  taken byy  surprisee  onlyy  because thee  word didd  not  gett  out. At  a  mini- 

mum, theyy  wish forr  thee  possibility of  an approaching polee  shiftt  to  be  much 

under discussion. Therefore, inn  aa  manner off  speaking,  ZetaTalk iss  an MJ-12 

mouthpiece—not because MJ-12 controls ZetaTalk, but  because itt  does  not 

suppress itt  or  shut  itt  down. 

12th Planet 

As  thee  date  of  the  next passage of  the  12th  Planet approaches, many inn  
the  establishment will  be  torn. Should theyy  continue to  suppress word of  
what iss  expected, or should theyy  sound the  alarm? Where many who enjoy  a  
position of  power and  privilege simply  want to  prevent panicc  for  their  own 
comfort, there are likewise many who have agreed  to  suppress the  truth  onlyy  
because the  truth was not yett  a  certainty. Perhaps the  largee  object  approach- 
ingg  will  be  on an orbit  that  will  cause itt  to  turn away from the  Solar System, 
or perhaps itss  pathh  through the  Solar System will  be  such that  the  Earth willl  
be  onlyy  slightly  affected. To  mankind, debating the  measured orbit  of  the  
12th Planet, these possibilities are as  reall,,  today,  as  the  approach. 

As  time passes and  the  orbit  of  the  12th  Planet clearly  points  to  a  
passage close to  the  Sun,  there will  be  panic  even within the  circles of  those 
inn  the  know as  to  whether this  approaching monster comet will  strike and 
destroy the  Earth. All  manner of  speculation will  ensue, the  possibilities 
horrible and even irrational. Will the  Earth be  sent out of  her  orbit  and  on out 
into  space? Will the  Earth travel with thiss  passing  planet,,  as  one of  itss  
moons? Will  the  Earth find  itself on a  new orbit  around the  Sun,  inn  hotter or 
colder circumstances, and  what will  thiss  mean for  those trying  to  survive on 
her  surface? Where history  iss a  guide  on how the  Earth fares  during  a  
passage of  the  12th  Planet,  there can always be  aa  first-time situation. 

Thus those inn  the  establishment who might  want to  alert  the  populace 
are torn. Iff  theyy  do  givee  out  a  warning, justt  what would that  warning be?  
The certainty of  the  passage and  the  orbit  which history  and  our warning 
confirm will  become more firm  as  the  months and  years pass. The major 
governments of  the  world, and  we are speaking here  of  keyy  members of  thee  

1822 



Openness 

sSuper powers and captains of  industry, already have regular briefings on what 
the  Hubble has  viewed and  recorded. The pathh  of  the  12th  Planet continues 
to  confirm our statements, made inn  private to  these individuals justt  as we 
have made them publicly through ZetaTalk, so the  angle  and  movement 
dduurriinngg  tthhee  passage are more and more considered predictable. 

AAtt  tthhee  ppooint  where many feel  theyy  know what will  happen and  when, 
what will  those members of  the  establishment inn  anguish over their  past  
silence do? They  will  dither and  argue among themselves, untill  thee  final  
weeks. Plans to  harbor and protect the  populace require  a  functioning society  
for  the  planss  to  become an actuality. Thus,  as  issuing  a  warning will  cause 
panic  and disruption, the  establishment will  invariably choose to  delayy  thee  
warning, especially as  their  plans  to  harbor and  protect the  populace will  
never become firm.  

The size  of  any  rescue operation iss  beyond the  capacity of  governments, 
a  factt  theyy  readily  admit to  themselves. With increasing crop failures, even 
the  stores during times of  plenty  will  become depleted. Ifthe welfare class  
has  become an impossible burden inn  thee  U.S. and  the  homeless diee  on the  
streets, how will  the  government sustain the  whole populace for  even a  few  
short weeks? The panicc  that  would ensue from a  general  announcement of  
the  forthcoming cataclysms would inn  and  of  itself  be  deemed a  disaster to  
avoid. There iss  concern about possible looting,  suicides, mass migration of  
peoples, and never-ending demands that  the  government do  something. 

Balancing Act 

This dilemma iss  onlyy  going  to  quicken as  the  time approaches, as food 
stores will  dwindle and  fear  of  panicc  inn  the  populace will  be  justt  under the  
surface. Increasingly, offering self-help to  the  populace looks likee  the  best  
solution. Unfortunately, the  public  can’t be  ledd  to  adoptt  practices that  willl  

helpp  them through thee  crisis  unless theyy  are told  of  the  danger! So  aa  delicate 

balancing act  has  ensued. Under whatever guise,,  gardens protected from thee  

weather and  home crafts  are to  be  encouraged, as  are low-fat diets  leaning 
heavily to  vegetarianism. These diets  may be  touted as  fads  or simply  good  

forr  thee  health,  but  thee  underlying motive inn  these campaigns iss  to  gett  thee  

populace positioned to  live  as  theyy  must inn  thee  Aftertime. Under no circum- 
stances will  an announcement be  publicly  made thatt  reall  estate and  holdings 
will  be  devastated, even when the  Earth iss slowing inn  rotation inn  thee  lastt  dayss  

1833 



Zetatalk 

before thee  passage of  thee  12th  Planet. The  fearr  of  an immediate economic 

collapse and  the  distraction thiss  willl  bringg  iss  too great..  Therefore, bringingg  

thee  approaching danger to  thee  public’s  attention must be  done through  

unofficial means. Bearing inn  mind that  humans presented with danger run 

through a  broad range of  reactions from denial to  panic  to  silliness, the  

unofficial means must be  deniable as  well  as  able  to  be  taken seriously. Yes  

and  no thiss  iss  goingg  to  happen. Yes  and  no thee  source of  information iss  
reasonable and  credible. Yes and  no there  are alternative explanations forr  
whatever the  source iss  pointing to..  

In  order for  the  unofficial source to  be  tolerated longg  before being  
discredited, itt  must have a  built-in deniability. The Farsight Institute issued 
absurd predictions for  jusstt  thiss  reason. Visionaries like  Gordon Michael 
Scallion are ridiculed forr  less  than 100% accuracy for  this  reason. Art  Bell  
entertains theories that  have littlee  relationship to  science for  this  reason. All  
these sources are popular, but  iff  too accurate the  anxiety  level  of  the  govern- 
ment rises.  Thus itt  iss  that  ZetaT7aallkk,,  with built-in deniability inn  that  the  aliens 
talking  to  Nancy refuse to  present themselves, iss  a  perfect  vehicle for  getting  
the  word out.  

Each human must confront hiss  own anxieties when firstt  facing  the  
many wrenching realities that  are surfacing during the  Awakening. For 
mankind, this  iss  not a  singlee  realization, as the  Awakening carries more than  
news of  the  alien presence, does more than simply challenge religion  and the  
pett  concept that  man alone iss  inn  God’s image, and  asks for  more than an 
adjustment to  thee  concept of  reincarnation and  that  heaven and hell  are of  our 
own making. The cataclysms, wherein thee  world mankind had  come to  take  
forr  granted  will  be  tossed asunder within days,,  rearranging continents and  
shattering civilizations, are partt  of  the  package. Man must adjustt  to  so many 
wrenching changes, and  thus  any  givenn  messenger iss  highly  likellyy  to  be  
mixing inn  hiss  own anxieties with the  message. 

hae  

1844 



Planets 



a = 

_s aae 1E COMTSESE 9h 

+t svegore/ ue 
aoe feev l toc yh _ 

bed Soars|  oe Saree? 

wemuys WiS ates 1) ollie ees 

‘Sap ety w le wha a Jou 

cert? «i Fea trainer te 

id xy om Vuh Sie <a 

iv a. > ot 4i@e Pe 

i wilde Fis ca siphe teal - 

a “asath ¥ nee 128 Gninien inte 
oj tog ies Say 110 uy Sr Sa reeks. ft 

“ee 9 in mG © SNC 44 vies f 
ere: 

. on Pu 8 Owes he aboukhy Mest 
a he Wat Fett ow: natin Gnaleeiog Mag 

29 ote el onsla + 

» 

= cas aettine bY oe Sete wl + 
mare @) nay se Gatt arty Sop OF 

= 2) u A 2A eereece SOL 
habe 

it Be Bena, BOER oe Sian aE 
ay) >P aamg? Sed ees WAL 1 Me Tw "s image, 

a Sas ecT h erewepep f vous bing: 
a4 oe. 

: aah 
ta ge wel vy 

ear ag ee 
~ 

erence og ’ 
os ee 



30  
The Earth 

Humans have correctly ascribed the  tides to  the  Moon’s presence, but  
there theyy  boggle.  Iss  the  water following the  Moon? Simply stated,,  yes.  
However, the  process iss  not as  simple  as  alll  that.  The water follows the  
Moon, but  when the  Moon goes off  round the  bend and  itss  influence iss  
obstructed by  the  body  of  the  Earth itselff,,  what then? Water seeks itss  own 
level,,  and  having heaped up  on one side  of  a  body  of  water, itt  sloshes back,  
momentum carrying itt  to  an extreme inn  thee  other direction. This momentum 
iss  inn  proportion to  the  speed  of  itss  original  chase,  mirroring this.  Thus, as 
fastt  as the  water chased the  Moon, itt recedes. As  the  pulll  of  thee  Moon was 
greatest while directly  overhead, the  highh  tidee  chasing the  Moon reflects the  
time onlyy  over half  the  body  of  water, an ocean, usually  a  six-hour period.  
Thus,  itt  rushes back inn  an equall  time span, forr  a  second six-hour or so 
period.  Thus sloshing, thee  water finds itself  receding againn  forr  a  third  six--  
hour or so period  as  thee  Moon moves into  influence again..  But inn  keeping 
with itss  motion and  speed,,  the  water swings  back toward where the  Moon 
reappeared and  againn  chases the  Moon to  the  horizon forr  thee  lastt  six-hour or 
so period.  

1877 



Zetatalk 

Atmosphere Building 

Worlds thatt  support lifee  have water inn  abundance, and  during  the  

congealing periodd  after  a  bigg  bang  hydrogen and  oxygen inn  many states can 

be  found freelyy  floating  around the  intensely hot  protoplanets. As  planets 

congeal, the  pressure results inn  heat,,  butt  after  some time thiss  dissipates. 

Meanwhile, thee  surface boils. Condensation occurs, forming seas upon thee  

surface, but  as  nature abhors a  vacuum, freellyy  floating molecules do  not alll  

settle.  What causes an atmosphere to  exist,,  and  what factors affect the  

composition of  an atmosphere? Even inn  thee  absence of  heat thatt  would cause 

molecules of  whatever nature to  vaporize, an atmosphere builds. The Earth’s 

atmosphere continues to  build today,,  but  are the  oceans boiling? 

Water vapor iss  inn  abundance inn  the  Earth’s atmosphere, yett  arrived there 
not due  to  the  action of  intense heat  but  to  fillll  a a void. Place a  vacuum against  
the  surface of  a  pooll  of  water and  watch what happens—water vapor. The 
water pooll  will  not completely disperse because itss  normal state att  thee  
condensation temperature iss  a  liquid..  But the  constant motion of  molecules 
means that  the  molecules at  the  surface have nothing to  bump against inn  a  
vacuum, so like  a  car without brakes, off  theyy  go.  At  a  certain pointt  the  
airborne molecules start  bumping into  each other and bumping against the  
surface of  the  water pool,,  and  the  situation stabilizes. So,,  does  thiss  mean that  
the  atmosphere of  a  planett  iss  constantly dispersing into  space? Yes and  no. 
Deep  space iss  bitterlyy  cold,,  and  when moving away from the  surface of  a  
planet  airborne molecules slow down thee  bumping action. The situation 
stabilizes, again..  However, some small loss  iss a  constant factor,,  so  that  after  
billions of  years some small quantity of  the  planet’s substance has  dissipated. 

Light  Particles 

IInn  tthhe  recent past,  humans considered the  world around them to  be  
composed of  either mass or  energy, energy being  anything theyy  could not put  
their hands around. Only  within the  past  century has  thee  notion become 
widely accepted that  both mass and energy are solid particles. Energy iss  justt  
reallyy  small stuff,,  moving fast..  Increasingly, thee  reallyy  small stuff  iss  identi- 
fied,,  at  least  inn  theory  as  itt  iss  too small to  be  observed directly..  The clues,  forr  
humans struggling to  understand the  world around them,  liess  in  the  behavior 

188 



The Earth 

of  small particles under different circumstances. Light  iss  not composed of  a  
singular particle, but  dozens of  particles, thereby accounting for  much of  
what humans calll  the  strange behavior of  lightt..  

Rainbows 

RRaaiinnbbows aarree  caused byy  the  various particles responsible forr  what 
humans call  color,  the  color off  an object  being  determined byy  which particle iss  
overwhelmingly present in  the  flood  off p articles striking the  eye.  Diffraction of  
lightt  in  water-laden air  following a  rain storm results iinn  what humans ccaallll  aa  
rainbow, where thee  eye  perceives lighhtt  particles sorted out byy  the  degree,  or 
angle,,  off  diffraction from  one side  of  the  rainbow to  the  other. 

Auroras 

Auroras, colorful lighhtt  displays off  waving banners across the  northern 
or southern skies,  are caused byy  the  susceptibility off  the  various particles to  the  
gravitational pulll  from  the  Earth. These lighhtt  displays are onlyy  visible to  humans 
where the  glare  of  sunlight does not drown them out,  as the  eye  registers the  
overwhelming particle nature off  the  lighhtt  flood,  discarding minor particles that  
might  be  present as so much noise. 

Sunsets 

Brilliant sunsets and dawns have been assumed byy  humans to  be  caused 
byy  dust suspended in  the  airr,,  when off  course those dust  particles are present 
during the  dayy  as well  and cause no such color variation. The human eye  
receives inn  the  dim  lighhtt  off  dawn or dusk an overwhelming flood  off  lightt  composed 
of  particular particles which are more prone to  bend toward the  gravitational 
pulll  of  the  Earth than other particles. Thus the  sunset or dawn iss  most brilliant 
at  a point  justt  before  or afterr  the  fulll  glaree  off  sunlight, when the  particle flood  iss  
strong but  iss  not mixed in  with competing lightt  particles to  the  point  off  being  
drown out. 

Ferromagnetism 

From childhood to  adulthood, magnets have fascinated man. Young 
children are givenn  sets  of  magnets to  playy  with,,  linkingg  them end  to  end.  
School children are shown, with  iron  ore dust,,  jusstt  how those invisible 

magnetic lines  reach and  curll,,  preparatory to  a  lecture about thee  Earth’s 

1899 



Zetatalk 

magnetic fieldd  and  on to  how to  use thee  compass when lostt  inn  thee  woods. 

The use of  magnets so  permeates industrialized human society  that  one 

would be  hard pressed  to  find  an aspect  not  affected. Claspless doors are 

secured with  magnets, airplanes flyy  on automatic based on magnetic align--  

ment, and  recyclers separate out  metal with  magnets, to  name but  a  few.  Yet  

magnetism iss  not understood byy  man, though theories abound. It’’ss  clear that  

something flows, but  justt  what iss  flowing iss  unknown. It’ss  clear that  direc- 

tion  iss  important, but  justt  what iss  dictating thiss  direction iss  unclear. It’ss  clear 

that  magnetism occurs naturally, especially in  certain ores such as  ironn,,  but  
what itt  iss  that  iss  speciall  about iron  ore iss  a  puzzle.  

Magnetism iss  the  palpable, measurable effect of  a  subatomic particlee  
not yett  delineated byy  man. In  fact,,  there are several dozen subatomic par-  
ticles involved, out of  the  387  involved inn  what humans assume to  be  simply  
the  flow of  electrons. Where electric current can be  made to  flow inn  any  
direction, the  pathh  of  least  resistance, magnetic flow seems to  be  very singlee  
minded. In  factt,,  itt  iss  also  going  inn  thee  pathh  of  least  resistance, as  can be  seen 
when one understands the  pathh  and  what constitutes resistance for  magnetic 
flow. Unlike electricity, which onlyy  occasionally flows in  nature, the  flowing 
subatomic particles  that  constitute a a magnetic fieldd  are constantly flowing. 
This iss  the  natural state,  to  be  inn  motion. The  pathh  of  least  resistance, there- 
foree,,  iss  to  go  with the  flow,  and  the  flow iss  determined byy  thee  biggest  bullyy  inn  
the  vicinity..  

A  singlee  atom of  iron,,  isolated, will  establish the  direction of  flow based 
on the  tightlyy  orbiting  electron particles, of  which there are hundreds of  
subtypes. These tightt  orbits arrange themselves inn  a  manner not unlike the  
planets  around aa  sun, but  the  field,,  of  course, iss much more crowded. Given 
the  fairllyy  static number of  these particles that  willl  hangg  around an iron  ore 
nucleus, the  orbiting swirl may have a  rhythm, rather than  a  steady  hum. Put  
three  groups of  three into  a  cyclee  of  10  and you have whomp whomp whomp 
pause. Should the  cycle,,  based on the  nucleus and  the  electron subatomic 
particles itt  attracts due  to  itss  size  and  composition, be  four  groups of  three inn  
a  cycle  of  12,,  you would have whomp whomp whomp whomp. The steady  
hum of  the  second cyclee  does not lack  a  magnetic flow,,  itt iss justt  diffuse. The 
irregular cycle  inn  thee  firstt  example finds the  magnetic flow escaping during  
the  pause. Being  attracted againn  to  the  best  partner inn  the  vicinity,  the  single  
iron  atom, the  magnetic subatomic particles will  circle around, takingg  the  
pathh  of  least  resistance which iss  on the  other side  of  thee  atom from the  

1900 



The Earth 

outward flow. Placing a  second iron  atom next to  the  first  finds the  two liningg  
up,  so the  flow escaping during  the  pause of  each goes inn  the  same direction. 
This 1iss  aa  bitt  like  forcing  a  second water flow into  a  flowing stream. Toss a  
stick  into  both forceful streams and  you will  see that  the  water flows are 
moving inn  the  same direction as  much as possible—the pathh  of  least  resis- 
tance. In  thiss  manner the  magnetic flow of  the  largest  bully  forces alll  else  inn  
the  neighborhood to  line  up.  Where the  iron  ore atoms are caught inn  an 
amalgam and  not altogether free  to  shift their  positions within the  amalgam, 
the  magnetic flow may physically move the  amalgam, thiss  being,  again,  the  
pathh  of  least resistance. For  those who would state that  magnetism iss  not a  
thing,,  as itt  can’t be  weighed or measured or seen, we would pointt  to  the  
child’s trick  whereby two magnets are held positive end  to  positive end.  Let  
go  and theyy  move so that  theyy  are aligned positive end to  negative end.  What 
made these magnets move, iff  not a  thing?  

Planetary Magnetism 

Planets act  as magnets inn  accordance with their composition and 
liquidity. In  thiss  regard  thee  Earth iss  a  magnet, as  itt  has  a  highh  concentration 
of  iron  inn  both itss  core and  crust, and  itss  core iss  fluid.  The strongest magnets 
are produced from softened or melted ore,  as  the  atoms are free  to  line  up  end  
to  end. The core of  the  Earth iss  perpetually inn  thiss  state,  and  thus itt  acts like  a  
huge  magnet, as largee  as the  globe  itself.  Magnetic influences between 
planets are greater than humans imagine, because theyy  use as their frame of  
reference objects on the  surface. The Earth’s crust iss  magnetically diffuse, 
representing many different polee  alliances over the  eons, as  magma hardened 
after volcanic eruptions during polee  shifts. The Earth’s thick crust acts as a  
shield in  this  way, so that  onlyy  sensitive needles on compasses, floating 
freely,,  jigglee  into  alignment with the  Earth’s core. 

A  planet’s magnetic influence iss  not encapsulated byy  itss  crust, but  
rreeaacchheess  beyond tthhiiss  even to  thee  ends of  the  solar system. Like the  shields 
thatt  men stood behind to  watch an atomic blast,,  theyy  may have avoided the  

radiation, but  the  landscape behind them was devastated. The Earth’s 

magnetism oozes around thee  various crustal platess  actingg  as  shields to  

recreate itss  essential alignment out  inn  space, considering any  confusion the  

crust may have presented as no more than an annoyance. A  resonance iss  
involved, so  that  the  magnetic fieldd  can reestablish itselff,,  fillinngg  inn  any  
blanks. Thus,  when magnetized planetss  encounter each  other,,  such  as  when 

191] 



Zetatalk 

the  12th  Planet passes near thee  Earth, the  strength  of  their  reaction to  each  

other iss  much greater than  man might  imagine. Mankind’s tinyy  magnets are 

but  specks  on the  surface of  thick  crusts actingg  as  shields. Below the  surface, 

inn  thee  liquidd  core of  the  Earth,  and  inn  resonance highh  above the  surface, iSs  

where the  real  magnetic drama occurs. 

Rotation 

Rotation of  a  planet  iss  dependent on many factors,  onlyy  one of  which iss  
the  initiall  motion attained coming out of  a  bigg  bang.  Rotation iss  due  to  a  
mobility difference between the  core of  a  planet  and  the  surface, and  forr  lack 
of  a  better analogy we relate this  to  a  dogg  chasing itss  tail..  The  core of  the  
Earth iss  liquid,,  and  mobile, and  has  a  mind of  itss  own. As the  Earth moves in  
itss  orbit  around the  Sun,  the  relationship of  the  core of  the  Earth to  surround- 
ingg  influences changes. A  child  standing on a  merry-go-round and  wishing to  
face  his  mother must himself turn a  complete circle  in  order to  do  this..  In  
like  manner, the  heavy  core of  the  Earth moves to  face  or  escape magneti- 
callyy  related forces inn  the  Universe about your solar system, dragging the  
surface with itt..  The core iss  not homogeneous everywhere and  thus  parts of  itt  
are strongly attracted or repulsed to  thiss  partt  or that  of  the  Universe about itt, , 
so motion inn  the  core iss  constant. No sooner does a  partt  of  the  core move to  
the  farr  side  of  itss  liquidd  tomb, then itt  finds itself presented with itss  old  
problem again,  and  sets into  motion once again..  

Now as the  Earth takes 365  dayss  to  orbit  the  Sun,  and  rotation happens 
once a  day,,  itt  would seem at  firstt  glance that  the  merry-go-round analogy iss  
incorrect. How could rotation—started because of  the  Earth’s orbit,,  a  yearlyy  
affair—turn into  a  dailyy  rotation? Motion iss  not  a  controlled matter, as  
anyone riding  a  bike  without brakes iss  painfully aware. In  thee  liquidd  core of  
tthhee  Earth, there iiss  little  to  stop  motion, once started, save the  desire of  parts  
of  the  core to  approach or escape magnetic influences in  the  Universe. 
Rotation starts because of  these external influences, and  iiss  maintained 
because of  them. The rate of  rotation iss  due  to  the  liquidity of  the  core, as  the  
brakes are never applied. Thus, the  parts  of  thee  core that  are moving away 
from an influence soon find  that  theyy  have created their problem again,  as  the  
motion of  the  Earth has  placed these parts  back where theyy  did  not want to  
be!  Round and  round, likee  a  dogg  chasing itss  tail..  

aoiee  
1922 



31  
Gravity Factors 

In  general, the  heavier an object,,  the  greater the  gravity  force generated 
within itt..  The gravity  force iss  compounded, but  thiss  fact  iss  lost  on those 
viewing the  drama because most of  the  drama takes place  within the  object  
itself.  Why would this  not be  the  case? Why would matter onlyy  reach out to  
matter not contiguous, with itss  attraction, and  not matter near att  hand? Some 
call  this  internal gravity  compression, but  this  iss  merely gravity working to  
pulll  each atom toward the  greater bulk,,  which inn  the  case of  an orb,,  like  a  sun 
or planet,  iss  generally toward thee  center. As  the  force of  gravity reaches inn  alll  
directions, the  larger  or heavier object  iss  emitting more of  a  come-on than a  
smaller or lighterr  object.  When several objects  are involved inn  giving  each 
other the  come-on, the  contention causes alll  of  the  bodies to  dither,,  so an 
equilibrium iss  established inn  accordance with the  mass and composition of  
the  objects and  their  distance from each other.  Humans find  their  under- 
standing of  gravity  to  be  incomplete because theyy  are not takingg  intoo  consid- 
eration the  repulsion force that  largee  bodies,  such as  planets,  generate toward 
each other. Objects on the  surface of  thee  Earth are infinitesimal inn  proportion 

1933 



Zetatalk 

to  thee  Earth itselff,,  and  thus  any  repulsion force between thee  two iss  also  

infinitesimal. The objectt  on thee  surface,  pushing away, iss  overwhelmed byy  

the  Earth’s gravitational pulll..  The  repulsion force iss  generated as  aa  result of  

two bodies exerting a  gravitational force  on each other.  In  the  case of  a  tinyy  

objectt  on thee  surface of  thee  Earth,  itss  gravitational pulll  on the  Earth iss 

scarcely noticed byy  the  Earth. AA  gnatt  or  mite. A  nothing. The repulsion 

force  iss  inn  play,,  however, between the  Earth and  her  Moon. The repulsion 

force iss  invoked between objects  on thee  surface of  the  Earth,  incessantly, but  

thiss  iss  masked byy  the  intense force of  gravity  thee  Earth presents and other 
factors such as  surface tension or friction or chemical bonding, so  that  the  
repulsion force cannot be  recognized. 

The repulsion force iss  infinitesimally smaller than  the  force of  gravity,  
but  has  a  sharper curve so that  itt  equalss  the  force of  gravityy  at  thee  pointt  of  
contact. To  examine the  phenomena, Earth scientists would have to  set  up  a  
labb  inn  space, farr  enough away from any planetary body  so  that  free  move- 
ment iss  possible. Place two balls  in aa  cage. Put  one inn  motion toward 
another. Microscopically examine thee  interchange. They  do  not  touch. They  
do  not bounce off  one another. They  do  not touch. 

Children playy  with aa  ball  on thee  end  of  aa  stringg,,  swinging itt  around and  
around their head. As  longg  as  the  arm iss  tugging, the  ball  maintains itss  orbitt,,  
else  itt  stops. Why  would thee  planets  not driftt  into  the  Sun? Are the  orbits  alll  
that  swift so that  centrifugal force iss  extreme? The repulsion force  iss  keeping 
them apart.  

Gravity Particles 

Gravity iss  particles, moving, justt  as  magnetic fields do,,  and  there iss  a  
polarization inn  gravity,,  too,  which iss  thee  repulsion force. Before mankind 
discovered that  magnetism was polarized, theyy  discovered that  itt  was an 
attractive force. Metallic items stuck to  the  sides of  magnetized rock—how 
curious. The bipolar  aspect of  magnetism iss  onlyy  apparent when what occurs 
inn  nature can be  countered inn  the  laboratory. You force magnetized objects to  
do  what theyy  do  not want to  do—touch north polee  to  north pole  or vice  versa. 
Then you can observe the  bipolar nature. In  gravity,  you are seeing  onlyy  one 
aspect in  the  positioning of  the  planets, and  you are dealing  with a  phenom- 
enon that  does not lend  itself  to  easy experimentation. 

1944 



Gravity Factors 

In  magnetism, the  simple  flow of  particles creates more than a  force for  
alignment, itt creates an attraction. The gap iss filled. Like water innaa stream,,  
where flotsam eventually lines up  inn  the  center, evenly spaced, justt  so 
magnetized objects do  not keep  their distance when free  to  move. They 
approach each other,  and attach like  aa  string  of  pearls..  Itt  iss  the  same with the  
phenomenon of  gravity,  where the  desire to  fillll  the  gap causes objects to  
approach one another. Itt  iss  onlyy  where thiss  gap iss  overfilled, by  the  presence 
of  two largee  objects coming near, that  the  repulsion force iss  expressed. There 
iss  no room for  the  flow of  gravity particles, so the  objects stay  apart!!  

Gravity particles produce an outward flow,,  but  the  outward ssttrreeaammss  aarree  
propelled, with a  force and at  a  speed  so much greater than the  downward 
drafts,,  that  this  occurs over less  of  a  surface area. A  laser of  gravity particles, 
versus aa  floodlight upon the  return. So  why  would the  weight of  returning 
particles be  the  onlyy  ones mankind iss  aware of,,  and  why  would theyy  not feell  
the  violent lifftt  of  the  updrafts? The updrafts blast  through, tearing  a  hole as iitt  
were, where the  returning particles do  not tear what theyy  press upon, and  so 
have the  greater effect. 

Gravity particles, inn  their motion, do  not affect what theyy  move against  
or through, the  effect being  inn  essence mechanical. The upward drafts push  
aside other matter, lettingg  itt  return upon completion of  the  updraft,  leaving no 
trace of  the  temporary tear. The downward push  of  gravity  particles return- 
ingg  to  the  largee  mass theyy  are attracted to,,  the  core of  the  Earth forr  instance, 
spread  out upon objects theyy  encounter, taking  some time to  drift  through 
these objects  and  with a  constant downward press during  the  motion of  thiss  
drift.  Thus,  returning particles, due to  the  time theyy  spendd  upon and  within 
the  surface objects, and  due  to  their  continual direction of  motion, are a  
mechanical force that  iss stronger, overall, than the  updraft of  particles  that  
quickly pass through the  surface objects,  essentially pushing them aside 
rather than engaging them. 

The nature of  thiss  gravity  flow iss  what determines thee  repulsion force 
we speak  of..  Itt  iss  aa  complement of  gravityy  onlyy  when largee  bodies aarree  cclloossee  
ttoo  eeaacchh  ootthheerr..  The updrafts, when encountering a  largee  body  also  exuding 
updrafts of  gravity  particles, hold the  bodies apart..  Large bodies, exuding 
their  own updrafts of  gravityy  particles, create a  situation where their  updrafts  

1955 



Zetatalk 

and  thee  updrafts  from another sun or  planet  bump againstt  each otherr,,  creating 

a  buffer and  preventing thee  gravityy  masses from touching or  even approach- 

ingg  each other. 

Spin  

Spinn  iss  aa  phenomenon that  occurs regularly inn  nature and  iss  frequently 

observed on Earth,  from thee  largee  swirls that  hurricanes form to  the  small 

whirlpools inn  thee  middle of  water goingg  down aa  drain. The fact  that  such a  

spinn  moves inn  different directions when itt  iss  above or  below the  equator givess  

evidence thatt  spinn  iss  affected byy  factors outside of  itself..  The  phenomenon of  
spinn  iss  observable when the  object  inn  motion iss  not constrained. Air  and  
water are fluid,,  but  spinning tops  or figuree  skaters on icee  also  demonstrate 
the  phenomenon. The theoretical speed  of  a  spinn  iss  fastest toward the  center 
of  the  spinning object,,  a  factor easilyy  noted byy  comparing hurricane wind 
speeds with those at  the  center of  tornadoes. But why  thee  difference? 

Spinn  on the  surface of  the  Earth reflects what iss  occurring inn  the  core of  
the  Earth,  where there iss  more movement under the  equator than  at  thee  poles,  
which are relatively stationary. All  objects  on the  face  of  the  Earth have 
these same influences from thee  core of  the  Earth, but  this  iss  not evident due 
to  lack  of  fluidity  or lack  of  motion. Spinn  inn  an objectt  develops slowly,  and  
iss  onlyy  evident to  man when accumulated. Thus,  water inn  a  water falll  has  
spinn,,  but  the  water at  the  bottom of  the  falll  cannot affect the  water at  the  top,,  
so the  spinn  iss  not compounded. Water inn  a  drain compounds the  spinn  at  the  
top  by  affecting the  pathh  of  least  resistance forr  the  water att  thee  topp  of  the  
drain,,  and  thus  the  littlee  whirlpools inn  draining water. Spinn  occurs faster 
when the  spinning object  iss  narrow as  there are fewer factors to  counter the  
spinn,,  less  drag..  Thus small tops  can spinn  faster forr  the  given  impetus than 
largee  tops,,  and  figuree  skaters find  theyy  can spinn  faster byy  reducing their  
overall sizee  byy  drawing their  arms inn  and  hugging themselves. 

Revolutions 

The slow motion of  planets  around the  Sun has  longg  puzzled mankind, 
who iss  acutely  aware that  without continuing impetus to  motion, motion 
sStops.  Only  inn  dead  space, where no gravitational attraction or repulsion 
forces exist,,  does motion continue without impetus. Motion without a  
continuing impetus iss  eroded byy  gravitational influences nearby,  as  inn  the  

1966 



Gravity Factors 

case of  an object thrown upward which slows gradually until turning  to  
plummet to  Earth. What keeps  the  planets, perpetually, the  same distance 
from the  Sun and  their motion around the  Sun at  the  same pace?  Each time aa  
given  planet  lined up  with the  massive Jupiter,  and was perturbed to  speed  up  
or slow down due  to  thiss  influence, unless there were another influence, thiss  
perturbed planet would remain inn  motion aa  bitt  slower or  faster,,  perpetually. 
Iff  the  planets  resume their motion around the  Sun after  being  perturbed by  
each other,  then the  impetus settingg  them inn  motion againn  iss  not inherent inn  
the  planets. A planet  slowed byy  the  influence of  Jupiter  behind itss  pathh  would 
not speed  up  againn  to  resume itss  steady  pace unless thiss  other impetus 
existed. 

This  other impetus, which does exist,,  has  thee  same basis as  the  mag- 
netic  alignment of  thee  Earth  and  her  sun. This influence reaches beyond the  
solar system, and  dictates motion within the  Sun not visible to  mankind but  
nevertheless present. Just  as  the  core of  the  Earth revolves at  a  speed  dic-  
tated byy  the  thickness of  the  Earth’s liquidd  core, to  chase away from or  
toward magnetic influences that  exist  inn  the  solar  system, justt  so the  Sun’s 
core rotates, dragging her  children around her  like  baubles on the  ends of  her  
apron strings..  

Orbits 

Planets find  their  niche,  based on how crowded the  solar  system iss  and  
their  relative mass. For  instance, iff  Jupiter  were not inn  your solar system, the  
planets close inn  to  the  Sun would have essentially the  same orbits,  though 
would fan  out a  bitt  more. Iff  the  niche a  planet  would normally assume iss  
already taken, as was the  case when the  clobbered Earth wobbled out of  the  
Asteroid Belt  into  her  current orbit,,  then more than one planet  may settle  into  
the  same orbit,,  sharing this..  Why  then are smaller planets, such as Mars and 
PPlluuttoo,,  ffuurrtthheerr  out? Small planets  may faill  to  drift  into  a  closer orbit due  to  
the  buffering action of  largerr  planetss  closer in..  Essentially a a bumping occurs, 
where the  smaller planet  iss  repulsed outward byy  a  largerr  planet..  Timing iss  

everything inn  thiss  matter, as  twins inn  an orbit  may occur iiff  theyy  come iinnttoo  tthhee  
orbit  at  a  distance from each  other,,  where a  close passage at  keyy  pointss  would 

produce bumping. 

1o9y7 



Zetatalk 

Your orbiting  planetss  are inn  motion because theyy  are attracted to  more 

than  thee  Sun’s gravitational fieldd,,  more than thee  Sun’s dark  twin which acts  

as  thee  12th  Planet’s second focus,  and  certainly more than each  other,,  al--  

though thatt  iss  a  small factor. Do the  stars maintain their distance from each 

other  byy  accident? For  those who doubt that  there are gravitational influ-  

ences outside of  thee  solar  system, pulling  on thee  orbiting  planets, we would 

pointt  to  the  elliptical  pathh  that  planetss  assume. Why an ellipse?  Iff  the  

planets  were concerned onlyy  with thee  Sun,,  or  with each other,  theyy  would not 
assume tthhee  pathh  theyy  do.  Planets assume an elliptical  orbit  for  the  same 
reason that  comets leave the  solar  system. They  are listening to  more than  
one voice. 

Planets orbiting a  sun invariably linee  up  into  an orbital plane,,  looking a  
bitt,,  iff  one were to  speed  up  the  process, like  a  flying  saucer. Why would thiss  
be  so,  and  iss  there a  relationship to  the  shape  that  solar systems take  and  the  
familiar shape  of  our ships??  There iss  indeed aa  relationship, as what iss  termed 
the  flying  saucer iss  shaped to  simulate the  gravity dynamics of  a  solar system 
so that  itt  can become itss  own littlee  solar system when instigating itss  own 
gravity  field.  A  flyingg  saucer inn  motion can turn sideways or upside  down, 
and the  passengers are unaffected. They  are, gravity-wise, inn  their  own littlee  
world. Solar systems do  not  take thiss  shape  byy  accident, though there iss  no 
comparable effect on Earth forr  man to  study  and  pointt  to.  Gaseous planets,  
such as  Saturn, have ringss  inn  a  plane,  but  nothing orbiting the  Earth, man- 
made or otherwise, iss  so affected. 

How often do  planets, such  as your Sun’s 12th  Planet,  take  up  an orbit  
around two suns rather than  remaining dedicated to  one sun? Rarely, as  this  
rreeqquuiirreess  tthhee  wanderer to  be  largee  enough that  a  strong repulsion force devel- 
ooppss  when iitt  approaches one of  the  suns and  to  also  have congealed after a  bigg  
bang  inn  such aa  position between the  two suns that  thiss  binary  orbit  ensues. If  
close to  one sun itt  will  settle into  the  normal orbit  around this  singlee  sun. But 
iff  fairllyy  equidistant itt  will  approach one sun with  comet like  speed  and  return 
inn  thee  same direction, as  comets do,,  to  begin  itss  binary  orbit. 

s~i}e-  

1988 



32  
12th Planet Orbit 

Sweep 

ea  
e Skip 

s\bei ® Sweep 

Most suns or bodies largee  enough to  potentially have become suns are 
inn  motion, themselves orbiting around others of  likee  size.  This  iss  not byy  
accident, but  iss  a  factor of  their  size  inn  proportion to  the  other clumps of  
matter that  form coming out of  a  bigg  bang..  Just  as  the  planets inn  a  solar 
system orbit  their  sun because itt  iss  thee  largest  voice around them,  justt  so suns 
themselves hear the  voices of  the  other suns around them. Iff  suns are not 
peers a  different dance ensues, but,,  iff  theyy  are peers, neither sun dominates 
the  other and theyy  remain at  a  distance from each other depending on the  
balance point  between their  gravity  attraction to  each other and the  force of  
repulsion that  develops as theyy  move toward each other. Iff  theyy  are inn  
motion as thiss  balance iss  achieved theyy  will  remain inn  motion—binary suns. 

If  suns are not of  an equall  size  theyy  are not likelyy  to  become binaries, 
especially iff  there are other suns inn  the  vicinity  vying  to  be  dominant. The 
smaller sun may dither,,  perpetually, firstt  approaching one largerr  brother and,,  
when turned away byy  the  repulsion force,,  approaching the  other brother and  
likewise being  turned away. This scenario can entail  any number of  largee  
and  small suns. Do not these suns of  unequal sizee  beginn  to  orbit  each other? 
Indeed theyy  do,,  when thee  size  iss  greatly  disproportional, but  most suns are 

1999 



ZetaTtalk 

not thatt  disproportional. Therefore, either a  dither or  more often  a  dance 

between peers develops. The dance that  binaries do  can be  rapidd  and  com- 

plex,,  iff  other suns are nearby  and  influence thee  dance,  or thee  dance can be  a  

dead stand stillll,,  as  iss  thee  case between your Sun and  itss  dead twin. 

Sunspots 

Gaseous planets  and  suns, litt  or unlitt,,  do  not have homogeneous cores 

any  more than do  bodies with liquidd  cores such as  the  Earth. Humans tend  to  

think off  airr  or  gaseous clouds or  liquiidd  poolss  as being  homogeneous, bbuutt  iinn  
truth  heavier particles settle  down, lighterr  particles risee,,  and  other particles 
disperse slowly  from their  pointt  of  entry  into  thee  soup. The process byy  which 
the  sun releases lightt  and  heat also  releases other energy, unrecognized byy  
man. This process iss  not homogeneous, and  thus buildup and  release occur. 
Any  lack  of  consistency inn  a  body’s core has  thee  potential of  causing core 
rotation, as  the  components tryy  to  escape or  approach that  which theyy  are 
repulsed by  or attracted to  inn  the  neighborhood. Thus,  the  sun’s core swirls,  
and  when lighter  elements rush toward the  surface their  motion iss  not im-  
peded  by  the  gaseous surface and overshooting occurs—a solar flare.  

Brown Dwarfs 

The 12th  Planet has  both heat  and  lightt,,  generated from within itss  core. 
Life  on the  12th  Planet, which iss  inhabited byy  largee  hominoids indistinguish- 
able  from humans other than byy  their  size,,  experiences continuous day..  The 
lighhtt  iss  diffused inn  the  atmosphere, and  returns to  the  land  surface, but  
emerges from the  core to  interact with the  atmosphere onlyy  via  the  surface of  
the  deepp  oceans, which cover thee  majority of  the  planet’s  surface. You may 
equate thiss  to  volcanic activity,  where thee  Earth has  numerous placess  both 
above ground and under the  oceans thatt  ooze molten lava. Just  so,  the  12th  
Planet has  places  where the  molten and  churning substance inn  itss  core 
escapes to  thee  surface. 

Humans do  not understand what iss  occurring within the  Sun,  a  combus- 
tion  of  sorts that  ignited  because of  the  pressure of  elements following the  
bigg  bang,  during the  congealing period.  The Sun was not born—it was litt..  Itt  
litt  as compression continued to  the  pointt  where a  product of  subatomic 
particle collision did  not dissipate, but  accumulated, and  the  degradation of  
thiss  substance iss  what you are viewing and  feeling  in  your sunlight. This iss  a  

2000 



Orbits 

simplistic explanation for  a  complicated process. The 12th Planet has  a  
similar process ongoing within itss  core, but  being  composed of  heavier 
ssuubbssttaanncceess  than your Sun,  this  process iss  slowed. 

Retrograde Orbit 
The 12th Planet’s retrograde orbit around the  Sun iss  due to  itss  reaction 

to  an energy field  emitted byy  the  Sun.  This energy field  radiates out from the  
Sun intensely at  certain points,  likee  a a moving arm, following the  rotation of  
tthhee  SSuunn’’ss  ccoorree  where thee  matter producing this  energy field  iss  located. 
Where the  non-traveling planets  are inn  essence swept along  before thiss  
intense energy field,,  like  dust  balls  inn  front of  a  broom, the  12th  Planet iss  not 
so trapped. 

Approaching from a a distance, the  12th  Planet reacts to  thiss  energy fieldd  
byy  tryingg  to  evade itt, , and  itt  takes the  pathh  of  least  resistance. The sweeping 
arm of  thiss  energy field  coming from thee  Sun  passes byy  quickly out inn  space 
when the  12th Planet iss  at  a  distance, but  builds inn  intensity and  takes longer  
to  sweep pastt  when the  12th Planet comes close. When at  aa  distance, this  
energy field  affects the  12th  Planet but  slightly,,  so itt  reacts as  itt  approaches 
from itss  second focus byy  orbiting inn  thee  same manner thee  planets  close to  the  
Sun do..  Itt  sweeps before this  energy field  as thee  field  passes, moving slightly  
at  these times to  the  leftt,,  inn  the  same counterclockwise manner that  the  other 
planets do..  

As the  12th Planet approaches, moving steadily closer and  picking up  
speed  due  to  the  gravitational tugg  of  the  Sun,  the  energy field  from the  Sun iss  
more intense and takes longer to  sweep past..  The 12th Planet’s reaction to  
this  iss  stilll  a  slightt  movement sweeping ahead of  this  energy field,,  but  as the  
energy field  passes, there iss  then a  stronger jerkk  backwards, away from the  
passing arm of  thee  Sun’s energy field..  Thus,  during  1995 through 11999988,,  tthhee  
12th  Planet drifted leftt  and  up  toward thee  ecliptic,,  aligning itself  inn  the  same 

manner as  thee  planets to  thee  Sun’s sweeping arm. But then  due  to  itss  mobil- 

ittyy out inn  space and  itss  distance from the  Sun,,  itt  develops a  retrograde orbit 
and  begins  to  move to  thee  rightt,,  inn  thee  manner thee  ancients recorded. 

2011 



Zetatlalk 

The 12th Planet 

The 12th  Planet swings so farr  away from your solar  system, and  then  

returns, because itt  iss  orbiting both your sun and  your sun’s dark  companion. 

Most stars are binaries, and  your sun has  an unlit  companion, unseen byy  you 

but  nevertheless present and  inn  force. The  12th  Planet travels interminably 

between these two,  not able  to  settlee  on an orbit  around jusstt  one because of  

thee  momentum and  pathh  itt  originally  took.  Itt  iss  caught..  The 12th  Planet iss  

such that  itt  spends  most of  ittss  lifee  out inn  dark space, slowly  moving from one 
giantt  tugg  to  another. As  itt  approaches one of  these giants,,  your sun being  
one, itt  pickss  up  speed,,  and  reaches a  maximum speedd  as  iitt  passes thhee  aattttrraacc--  
tion..  Having passed,  itt  now has  both  gravitational attractions on one side,,  
and  quickly switches back inn  the  other direction, zooming justt  as  rapidly  
along  a  pathh  similar to  the  one itt  justt  took. 

The 12th  Planet’s travels are not unlike a  train on parallel  tracks,  where 
thee  train  on one side  of  thee  tracks iss  going  inn  one direction, and  the  train on 
thee  other side  iss  coming back. The elliptical  pathh  of  the  12th Planet does 
littlee  direct damage to  thee  planets  in  your solar system, which are lined up  on 
a  plane  with each other. The 12th Planet comes in  on an angle,,  such that  itt  iss  
onlyy  the  pointt  of  passage through thiss  plane  where a  direct collision could 
occur. This point,,  at  thee  present time,  iss  not inn  the  orbit  of  any  of  your solar 
system planets,  although that  was not the  case inn  the  distant past  as your 
asteroid belt  attests. 

While itt  iss  out  inn  space the  12th  Planet moves slowly, but  increases 
speed  rapidly  as itt  comes close to  one of  itss  two foci.  When the  12th Planet 
iss  passing your sun itt  iss  moving rapidly.  The time spent within your outer 
planett  Saturn’s orbit  iss  a a mere three  months. Itt  zipss  by..  

Itt  does not head directlyy  into  the  Sun,  as  there iss  a  playy  between attrac- 
tion  and  repulsion which exists between alll  planetary bodies. Simply stated, 
the  faster the  12th  Planet moves, the  closer itt  can come, although the  math in  
thiss  matter iss  not quitee  that  simple.  The 12th  Planet iss  both  attracted and  
repulsed byy  your sun. Both factors are at  playy..  Thus,  as the  12th Planet 
approaches your sun, itt  picks  up  speed  but  also  shies  away. There iss a  battle 
going  on,  a  tugg  inn  one direction with a  push  inn  another. The end result iss  that  
the  12th Planet stillll  comes on,  fulll  bore,,  but  veers to  the  side  a  bitt  as  itt  
approaches. As  itt  iss  stilll  picking up  speed,  the  speed  compensates for  the  
repulsion, and  the  12th  Planet finds in  thee  lastt  few  months that  itt  can now 

2022 



Orbits 

come closer to  the  Sun,  thee  repulsion beingg  balanced by  the  speed.  Thus,  
when itt  gets  to  itss  maximum speed,  entering your solar system, itt  bends in  
toward your sun, after having veered outward slightly,  so that  thee  anglee  iss  
approximately 32°.  The 12th Planet inn  essence has  pulled  away from the  
orbital plane,  as well as  from the  Sun. Itt  does not want to  move inn  alongside 
the  other planets, itt  wants to  cross quickly at  a  sharper angle..  Itt  iss  at  this  
point  that  the  12th Planet essentially dives up  through the  Earth’s orbital 
plane  and quickly passes on. The 12th Planet pullss  down and away from 
your sun only  at  the  lastt  minute. This iss  reflected inn  time as  the  lastt  9.7  Earth 
weeks or 68  Earth days..  This iss  reflected inn  distance as  1.2598 times the  
orbital diameter of  Pluto,  or two and one-half times the  distance from your 
sun to  Pluto. 

The shape  of  these deviations iss  parabolic at  thee  anglee  of  turns,  inn  alll  
cases. This iss  not exact, but  forr  purposes of  calculating an orbit  itt  iss  some- 
thingg  you can work with that  willl  be  close enough. Thus,  the  12th Planet 
starts itss  deviation from itss  straight  pathh  inn  a  parabolic manner, but  has  
scarcely started to  turn away when itss  increasing speedd  allows itt  to  come 
closer to  the  Sun and  itt  does another parabolic curve back toward the  Sun,  
essentially correcting itss  pathh  againn  to  be  straight  toward thee  Sun. When itt  
passes thee  Sun,  piercing the  Earth’s orbital plane,  itt  has  come to  the  pointt  inn  a  
parabolic curve where the  linee  iss  essentially straight.  

The return passage of  the  12th  Planet iss  dictated by  a  combination of  
forces—momentum, attraction, and  (forr  want of  a  more scientific term to  
describe this  process) the  call  of  the  wild. The 12th  Planet stops  and  hovers 
for  some years before beginning itss  return passage. The rate of  start-up 
essentially mirrors thee  rate of  stoppage, so movement iss  slow at  firstt,,  almost 
imperceptible. Having stopped inn  itss  tracks the  12th Planet iss  inn  a  vulnerable 
position, and  in  pointt  of  factt  could become caught  in  a  new pattern of  motion 
should the  objects around itt  present aa  new dynamic. Itt  has  stopped, dead 
stilll,,  and thus  iss  inn  a  virginal position of  having no commitments. During 
most passages of  thee  12th  Planet there iss  no contest, but  inn  some cases there 

are other attractions nearby that  create confusion. The upshot  of  thiss  iss  that  
tthhee  1122tthh  Planet may delayy  longer  before setting  out  on itss  return passage, but  
thee  factors inn  your partt  of  thee  Universe are not such as  to  change thee  out- 

come. 

2033 



Zetatalk 

Moons 

The 12th  Planet has  what are called traveling moons, as  theyy  often traill  
behind the  planett  as itt  tracks along  itss  longg  ellipticaall  orbit. These moons are 
comparable to  thee  Earth’s moon, some even larger,,  as thee  mass of  the  12th  
Planet iss  a  gravitational magnet farr  beyond thee  pulll  that  the  Earth could 
muster. To  some itt  would seem thatt  moons must always orbit  their planet,,  as  
thee  moons inn  the  Earth’s solar system do,,  yett  theyy  are on the  move. The 
difference iss  that  thee  12th Planet travels faster,,  while traversing your solar 
system, at  speeds  quitee  outside thee  sedate speeds the  other planets assume. 
These moons do  not  leave thee  12th  Planet during  itss  fastt  ride  through the  
solar system, as  the  12th  Planet due  to  itss  mass stays  away from the  other 
largee  planets, and  thus  theyy  att  no time have aa  gravitational draw that  iss  
stronger than the  continuous influence of  the  12th  Planet. Where the  12th 
Planet’s taill  will  lash  the  Earth, thiss  lashing  does  not include a  chance of  
collision with the  12th  Planet’s moons. 

m—tiHe- 

2044 



Pole Shift  






33  
The 12th Planet 

Within an Hour Gradually 

N 

12th Planet 

S 
, Core Realigns 

Core Shifts, Crust Drags Crust Stops 

The Earth will  go  through physical cataclysms inn  the  near future—a 
polee  shift  where the  Earth’s crust slides along  with the  softt  molten core, 
positioning new parts  of  the  geography as  the  new North and  South poles..  
This iss  related to  the  millennium, but  iss  not precisely what the  Bible or the  
various seers of  thiss  time are predicting. There iss  truth  inn  thee  rumors of  what 
iss  called the  12th Planet, acting  like  a  giantt  comet during  itss  periodic passage 
through the  solar system. There iss  truth inn  what has  been reported about 
violent geological changes, renting continents apart  and  heaving mountains 
high..  The deluge occurred during  justt  such a  time. 

There will  be  much death,  the  majority of  mankind dying  during  the  
shift  or shortly  thereafter. Most of  the  people  on Earth att  thiss  time will  be  
unaware. They  may be  aware of  drought, of  a  reddish glow  during  the  heat 
ooff  tthhee  ddaayy,,  perhaps even aa  reddish dust  coloring their water and  giving  a  
bitter taste to  their  drinking water. Most of  the  people  on Earth have so many 

207 

wneuae 



Zetatalk 

problems existing, day-to-day, that  theyy  willl  scarcely take  notice. Even those 

who might  take  notice can scarcely do  anything about itt..  Those who can 

barelyy  feed  their  families cannot take  flightt,,  as  theyy  would have nothing to  

live  on,  even iff  theyy  should arrive att  a  safee  place..  This  iss  an unknown 

experience, with no precedent inn  memory. Denial iss  also  high..  The authorii--  

tiess  discourage any news broadcasts, wishing calm and  forr  thee  status quo to  

continue. 

Even where there iss  awareness, there willl  be  littlee  action. Many will  

look about them,  and  debate their  life-style should theyy  take  action—leave 
thee  home, the  comforts of  familiar places  and people  who represent aa  support 
structure? How would theyy  live?  Should theyy  be  forced to  become beggars, 
theyy  may stay  inn  their  own, familiar, surroundings. Then there are those who 
will  clingg  to  their  material goods.  Even with choices, where a  place  would 
be  made forr  them inn  safer surroundings, theyy  will  find  theyy  are bonded to  
their material goods  and  unable to  divorce them,  whatever the  risk..  They  
will  diee  with their material items,  clinging to  these things  as  lovers. Most 
faced with these grimm  choices willl  deal  with the  situation by  denial. 

Between the  unaware, thee  unfortunate, and  the  reluctant, liee  most of  
humanity. Those who survive the  massive earthquakes, which will  level  
cities  to  dust,,  and  the  massive tidal  waves, which will  inundate coast lines forr  
hundreds of  miles inland, will  be  either fortunate or assisted. Since the  Earth  
iss  to  become a  home forr  service-to-others entities, those humans operating in  
thiss  orientation will  have a  choice to  remain inn  their human form or reincar- 
nate later..  If  the  human form iss  chosen, then these  humans will  be  assisted 
during  the  hours of  calamities. They  will  be  unaware of  the  assist,,  but  will  
find  themselves, clinging to  floating  material after  the  flood has  passed, or 
regaining consciousness after  the  earthquakes. Many will  move to  safe  areas 
and  set  up  communes, operating inn  the  service-to-others mode of  the  future. 
These areas will  be  rural,  essentially primitive, and  theyy  will  not relyy  on the  
trappings of  civilization as  theyy  now know iitt, , either before oorr  aafftteerr  tthhee  
cataclysms. 

Past Cataclysms 

The Earth bears witness to  the  cataclysms in  her  past  and  their  periodic 
occurrence. Beyond her  deepp  wound inn  the  Pacific basin,  and  beyond the  
driftt  of  her  continents, there are other scars more palpable by  man. 

208 



The 12th Planet 

Mountain Building 

Mountain cliffss,,  which rise sheer in  many cases  thousands off  feet,,  
represent tearing off  solid rock. These stand before  you, while you make a  
hobby of  scaling their heights while ignoring their deeper meaning. Have any 
experiments been done to  determine how much force  would be  required to  tear 
rock of  this  depth?  None have. The reason liess  in  the  equally deep  desire off  
mankind to  avoid thinking about the  Earthh’’s past  cataclysms. 

Heaving and Sinking Land 

Beneath the  sea inn  the  Bahamas liess  evidence off  civilizations that  have 
gone under the  waves—highways and highway markers, clearly man-made. 
These areas have been explored byy  many fortune hunters, recorded byy  camera, 
and published iin  fulll  color repeatedly. Likewise, ancient Inca cities stand so 
high  in  altitude that  thee  cities could not have been built,,  much less  lived in..  Yett  
the  scientific community continues to  claim that  Earth changes happen gently,  
inch  byy  inch,  at  the  pace experienced during thee  memory off  their current 
civilization. 

Shifting Crust 

Antarctica bears witness to  her  past  as a  steamy swamp, as do  the  North 
Seas,  where oill  iss  extracted. Likewise the  temperate regions are scarred byy  
what iss  termed the  Ice  Ages,  where these regions were as snow and ice  packed 
as the  poles.  A  clue  to  these changes lies  inn  the  magnetism frozen inn  hardened 
lava,,  which demonstrates that  magnetic north and south changed now and then. 
An adequate explanation has  not been proffered byy  the  scientific community. 
All  the  explanations have the  Earths thinn  crust remaining inn  place,  as the  thought 
that  theyy  are standing on a  raffit  that  can move on the  sea off  magma beneath 
them iss  too frightening to  contemplate. 

The 12th Planet 

The  term, 12th  Planet,  iss  not scientifically exact but  relates to  the  
hhiissttoorriiccaall  and widely read  book that  Zecharia Sitchen wrote, titled  The  12th  
Planet. Inn  this  book he  explains thatt  thee  ancient visitors from thiss  traveling 
planett  considered the  Moon to  be  aa  planet,  and  counted thee  Sun  as  thee  firstt..  
The periodic  Earth cataclysms caused byy  the  12th  Planet have been inn  placee  
forr  eons, since thee  Earth was cold  and  without lifee..  The 12th  Planet,  actingg  
likee  a  giantt  comet, assumed itss  orbit  around thee  Sun  due  to  thee  gravitational 

and  motion issues which were at  playy  jusstt  afterr  thee  bigg  bang..  The 12th  

2099 



ZetaatlTalk 

Planet’s orbit  iss  longg  and  narrow, thee  triipp  through your solar  system but  a  

minor partt  of  thee  itinerary. The 12th  Planet approaches from Orion forr  

another passage, with  a  period  which loosely  computes to  every 3,600  years. 

Planet X  does  exist,,  and  itt  iss  the  12th  Planet, one and  thee  same. Interest 

inn  Planet X  was roaring along  going  into  the  1983 [IRAS search and  discov- 

ery  of  a  largee  objectt  inn  thee  direction of  Orion. Planet X  disappeared from the  

news forr  almost a  decade, afterr  itss  discovery, as  a  cover-up iss  now inn  force. 
When tthhee  blanket of  suppression was dropped on the  media and  major  
oobbsseerrvvaattoorriieess,,  who know justt  where Planet X  iss  at  alll  times these days,,  iitt  
took  some time for  an explanation forr  the  silence to  be  concocted. Since JPL 
and  NASA are firmlyy  inn  hand,  doing  the  bidding of  the  establishment on so  
many information issues,  theyy  became the  designated arm of  disinformation. 
The mystery of  why  the  outer planets appeared perturbed to  astronomers for  
thee  lastt  160  years was explained away byy  adjustments inn  the  size  and  compo- 
sition of  the  outer planets,  discovered byy  probes.  The publicc  gets  the  conclu- 
sion,,  but  not the  facts.  

Continental Drift 

The asteroid beltt,,  fulll  of  gravell  and  boulders, did  not gett  there byy  
accident. When your solar  system formed, matter was clumping together, 
and  thiss  process did  not overlook this  one littlee  orbit  around thiss  one little  
Sun  for  some odd reason. Long before there was highly  evolved lifee  on the  
Earth, itt  rode that  orbit,,  which happened to  be  smack dab  inn  the  pathh  of  the  
12th  Planet att  that  time. Inn  due  time,  a  monumental collision between the  
young Earth and  one of  the  12th  Planet’s moons occurred. Matter went in  
every direction and  the  impacts were fierce. Your solar system, inn  factt,,  had  
several more planets inn  orbit than  itt  does today,,  inn  orbit  close enough to  the  
asteroid belt  to  be  considered within itt..  Shattered matter, slinging off  into  
different directions, were missiles of  death for  some time.  One disaster 
followed another, until  at  lastt  there were no more hapless planets to  be  pelted  
into pieces. 

The Earth wobbled out of  orbit  at  the  initial impact, and  her  wobble 
took her,,  eventually, intoo  her  present orbit  closer to  the  Sun. When the  Earth 
was inn  orbit  farther from the  Sun,  itt  bore as lifee  onlyy  cold  creatures thatt  lived 
inn  the  dark waters on the  scant vegetation that  grew there. After the  impact,,  
the  largerr  piecee  became the  Earth,  with itss  waters pooling inn  thee  wound as  a  

210 



The 12th Planet 

cosmetic, the  motion of  the  Earth pulling the  waters round, to  givee  a  smooth 
appearance. Looking down from space, man can clearlyy  see that  the  conti- 
nents once formed a  whole. Like the  pieces  of  a  puzzle  that  can be  placed  
together, South America fitss  nicely  into  the  curve of  the  Western African 
coast, and  North America tucks up  against Europe. 

The Earth,  during  each successive Pole Siftt,,  has  filled  her  wound. At 
firstt,,  due to  the  lopsided nature of  her  shape,  thee  tug  toward roundness was 
slightt..  She  hugged herself, alll  on one side,,  and  each passage of  the  giantt  
comet onlyy  pulled  slightlyy  at  this  hug,,  separating her  landmass and  moving 
thiss  into  the  gap. But each succeeding passage found a  more vulnerable 
scene, and  the  separating of  the  singlee  landmass increased. Rifts  were driven 
between landmasses and  became vulnerable spots,  torn recently, tearable 
again..  Increasingly thee  Americas have moved away from the  African and 
European continents. Now, when the  Americas are almost midway between 
the  other landmasses, and  thee  African landmass has  cleanly  separated too,  
theyy  are more vulnerable than ever to  becoming fulllyy  balanced during  aa  polee  
shift..  

During the  coming polee  shiftt  the  Pacific gap will  close,  equalizing the  
landmasses as theyy  spread around the  globe.  This will  be  devastating to  
certain subducting areas, such as India and  Western Australia, and willl  heat  
to  a  tremendous degree those platess  that  are above the  subducting plates  inn  
California, Tibet,  and  along  thee  Pacific Rim. 

Wandering Poles 

The wandering poless  attest to  priorr  polee  shifts  but  don’t givee  a  true 
picture, as  many times poless  situate over oceans or land  that  subsequently 
submerges, areas unexplored by  modern man. What iss  termed a  wandering 
ppoollee  iiss  mankind’s best  efforts to  trace the  placement of  the  poles,,  dating  the  
record inn  hardened magma which captures the  moment’s magnetic alignment. 
The Ice  Ages,  occurring over northern Europe and  America, are alsoo  written 
records of  when poless  were situated over those spots.  Pole shifts  can be  as 
slightt  as  a  few  degrees, or  close  to  180°  F,,  thee  most extreme case. 

The  strength  and  direction of  any  givenn  polee  shiftt  iss  dependent on 

whether thee  two planets  are lined  up  pole-to-pole or side-to-side on thee  

approach. Where thee  Earth  iss  close to  thee  pointt  of  passage, a  pole-to-pole 

lineupp  occurs. In  a  pole-to-pole confrontation thee  12th  Planet’s north polee  

211 



Zetatalk 

essentially grippss  thee  Earth’s south polee  and  dragss  itt  with  itt  as  itt  passes, 

pushing away the  north polee..  Where the  Earth iss  a  quarter way around on her  

orbitt,,  a  side-to-side lineup  occurs. Inn  a  side-to-side confrontation, the  Earth iss  

onlyy  nudged to  linee  up  with  her  brother, jusstt  as  small magnetic particles inn  

ore attempt to  alignn  with  each  other.  When thee  Sun  stands between thee  Earth 

and  the  12th  Planet there iss,,  inn  essence, no polee  shift  but  simple  tension and  

compression inn  the  crust, expressed as  increased earthquakes and  volcanism. 

The position of  the  Earth or the  12th  Planet during  any passage iss  
strictlyy  byy  chance, governed by  the  various influences that  affect the  arrival 
of  the  12th  Planet, which can meet with any number of  delaying influences 
on itss  journey. Thus,  there iss  no regularity to  dramatic polee  shifts,,  where the  
Earth iss  essentially turned upside  down. Dramatic reversals happen rarely,,  as  
the  12th  Planet must virtually come between the  Earth and  the  Sun to  have 
thiss  much influence. Human written and  verbal history  will  not serve man 
well in  preparation for  the  forthcoming polee  shiftt,,  as  a  shift  as devastating as  
this  one will  be  has  not  occurred within the  past  50,000 years. 

A  reversal of  thee  Earth’s polarity,  where the  magnetic north polee  points  
off  consistently inn  another direction, does not  occur, ever. This iss  a  hypoth- 
esiss  that  humans have concocted to  explain  what theyy  find  inn  the  Earth’s 
crust. In  thiss  hypothesis, theyy  are assuming that  the  Earth’s crust does not 
move about,  but  itt  does. Scientists who do  not buyy  into  the  polee  shift  will  
argue endlessly that  itt  iss  the  poless  that  move and reverse. Sometimes, during  
a  polee  shiftt,,  the  movement iss  slight,,  and  sometimes the  crust does,  as you 
say,  a a 180.  The coming shift  will  come close to  that,,  being  better than  a  
quarter turn. Having onlyy  the  Earth’s crust to  examine, and  being  inn  denial or 
unaware of  polee  shifts,,  aa  human could onlyy  assume that  the  poless  had moved, 
rather than the  crust. 

The ssttory  of  the  devastation the  12th Planet causes upon the  periodic 
passage seems surreal to  ndaive mankind, who has  aa  scant record from the  
priorr  polee  shifts where the  human race was decimated and civilizations 
disrupted, so that  records were not  reliably keptt  until aa few  generations had 
passed. 

tS1h55  
212 



34  
Pole Shift Legends 

The Flood occurred three polee  shifts back,  approximately eleven 
millennia ago. The shift  priorr  to  that  had been slight,,  so that  melting of  the  
poles  was slow and  incomplete. Ordinarily each polee  shift  places  the  old  
poles  in  a  position  where theyy  will  quickly melt,,  facing  the  Sun. The polee  
shift  ahead of  the  one causing The Flood onlyy  moved the  old  poless  slightly,  
so much of  the  icee  was stillll  remaining. Poles over land have constant runoff 
when theyy  melt,,  and theyy  setttllee  as the  weight  of  icee  presses down, but  poles  
over oceans melt  more from the  bottom up,  leaving caverns of  icee  honey- 
combed within as  the  water can support icee  of  odd shapes. Thus a  vast body  
of  thin  icee  stretched out over the  southern ocean, over the  location of  the  old  
pole..  When the  comet caused massive Earth movements thiss  icee  sheet 
fractured and  felll  into  the  water, causing a  huge  displacement and  resulting 
massive wave. This wave was the  flood,,  of  legend  worldwide. 

2133 



Zetatalk 

Jewish Exodus 

The  lastt  passage of  the  12th  Planet iss  best  remembered as  the  time of  

thee  JeJewwiissh exodus from Egypt,  but  what iss  not well  known iss  thee  reason forr  

thee  exodus. Slaves do  not jusstt  walk away from their  masters, and  inn  particu- 

larr  a  largee  group of  slaves,  old  women and  children among them,  do  not gett  

miles away from their  masters inn  a  desert area where lookouts can see forr  

miles. The institution of  slavery  iss  maintained byy  cruelty  and  punishment, 

and  slaves attempting to  escape are punished inn  a  manner that  willl  serve as  a  
lesson to  others contemplating such an escape attempt. Hands and  feet  are 
chopped off  when the  slave wanders or reaches where theyy  are not to  go,  
eyes poked out when the  slave looks when theyy  were supposed to  dropp  their  
eyes, and  tongues cut out when thee  speech  of  the  slave iss  considered too 
bold.  

Thus,  the  Jewish exodus did  not occur because thiss  largee  group justt  
decided to  take a  stroll  one day,,  anticipating nothing worse than a  whipping 
as the  comeuppance should theyy  be  discovered. The exodus occurred 
because their masters were devastated and  distracted byy  problems so severe 
as to  take  their  minds entirely off  their  slaves. Would thiss  have been a  
flooded Nile or a  plague  of  locusts or  even a  celebration where alll  gott  drunk? 
Nothing inn  the  normal course of  Egyptian society  would have created a  
situation where thee  JeJewws could have leftt,,  en mass, or had  the  courage to  
leave. They  leftt  because the  passage of  the  12th  Planet imposed firstt  a  longg  
nightt  and  then horrendous earthquakes and volcanic eruptions inn  nearby  
volcanoes. 

Chaos reigned, the  very type  of  chaos that  governments throughout the  
world fear  liess  inn  their  near future. Guards leftt  their  posts, and  household 
servants stole  from their  masters and crept  away inn  the  seemingly never- 
ending  night..  The rulers held  their  heads inn  worry and  discussed among 
themselves how theyy  might  placate  the  gods..  The military  elitee,,  used to  utter 
control and  tolerating no challenges to  their  orders, reacted to  the  chaos by  
trying  to  reestablish order. Hysterical troops, unable to  comprehend what 
was happening to  them,  were inn  no mood to  placate  their  superiors, and thus 
the  military was engaged with internal battles for  some time.  Itt  was not until  
the  rotation of  the  Earth was reestablished that  thee  Egyptian rulers and  their 
military leaders were able  to  regain  control of  the  troops. By  that  time,  as  
historyy  well tellss,,  the  Jewish exodus was a  success! The parting  of  the  Red 

214 



Pole Shift Legends 

Sea so that  Moses could lead his  people to  safety  iss  counted as  an act of  God,  
a  miracle, but  the  waters did  not pulll  back. The sea floor heaved up,  tempo- 
rarily,,  longg  enough to  provide safe  passage to  Moses, but  not longg  enough forr  
the  Pharaoh’s hapless soldiers, who followed. 

Immanuel Velikovsky placed  great emphasis on the  Jewish Exodus, 
when combined with the  Earth’s geological history..  Velikovsky’s mission 
was to  set  mankind to  thinking about the  periodic cataclysms that  have so 
dramatically leftt  their mark on the  Earth and  human history.  Mountains 
obviously thrown skyward under extreme pressure, the  ruins of  great  civiliza- 
tions with no reason forr  demise, flash-frozen carcasses of  healthy mastodons 
with no evident cause of  death—all thiss  iss  putt  over the  wall and  not dealt 
with. Velikovsky had  no knowledge of  thee  12th Planet or,,  coming before his  
time,,  Planet X,  but  he  theorized planetary close encounters as  thee  cause of  alll  
this  history.  Velikovsky’s theories cannot be  effectively proved until  the  
giantt  comet, the  12th  Planet,  returns to  savage thiss  solar system again.  
Unfortunately for  those unwilling too  listen to  Velikovsky or contemplate the  
evidence he  so poetically presents, theyy  will  be  learning the  truth  of  hiss  
theories—too late!!  

Tales 

Past cataclysms appear inn  printt  more than iss  recognized. Tales where 
the  Earth yaws wide and swallows cities  or hapless humans who tumble into  
the  yaw are not describing present-day earthquakes which tumble buildings, 
drop  bridges, and heave roads. Yaws thatt  open and  re-close may seem to  
occur onlyy  inn  story  books, but  theyy  are based on real  events that  sometimes 
occur during cataclysms. Fairy  tales  sometimes describe mountains that  risee  
from the  Earth overnight, or caverns and  passageways into  thee  mountains 
that  open suddenly or disappear justt  as suddenly. This iss  alll  attributed to  
magic, but  to  primitive humans who had  no forewarning of  aa  polee  shiftt,,  

emerging the  morning after  horrendous wind and  rain  storms to  findd  thee  
landscape rearranged, thiss  must have seemed likee  magic.  

Atlantis 

Atlantis was land near thee  current continent off  Europe, which was pulled  

into  thee  Atlantic during thee  continental ripp  that  accompanies violent polee  shifttss  

and  thus  disappeared dramatically under thee  sea. The  stories about Atlantis, 

which has  never been found,,  are supported byy  myths  off  great  cities destroyed 

215 



Zetatalk 

suddenly byy  rising  water. Well,,  thatt  off  course happens extensively alll  over thee  

world every time there iss  a  polee  shifftt..  Many cities inn  and around the  European 

continent went under thee  waves during thee  past  few  polee  shiftss..  This  iss  because 

thee  Atlantic, as a  widening ocean, tends to  dragg  down thee  shore lines  and outlying 

islands during  each shifftt..  The  floorr  off  thee  Atlantic drops,,  pulling  itss  perimeter 

with  itt..  

Lemuria 

Lemuria was land on the  other side  off  thee  world, inn  thee  Pacific,  which 
also slipped under the  waves during a  polee  shifftt..  As  with most Pacific  lands,  
Lemuria was inhabited byy  thee  easygoing peoples of  thee  South Pacific.  Lemurians, 
great in  number as the  land  was more than the  scattering off i islands thatt  exist  in  
the  Pacific today,,  have been deified  as a  special  spiritual  race, and alll  manner 
off  benefits  to  occur should theyy  somehow return. As  iss  oftenn  the  case., these 
lands, inn  death, are more than theyy  were inn  liffee..  

Bermuda 

During every polee  shifftt  some land,  particularly coastal land near a 
widening ocean rifftt,, submerges. This has  been the  case on the  eastern seaboard 
off  the  U.S.,,  and inn  the  Caribbean. Traces off  a  submerged civilization can be  
seen under the  waves offf  Bermuda—roads, signn  posts, and walls. This  land has  
been dragged down over successive pole  shiftss,,  to  itss  present depth,,  so slipping 
under thee  waves was not as dramatic as itt  might  seem. As  the  melting  poles  
soon cause the  oceans to  encroach on the  shorelines, the  surviving inhabitants 
are forced to  fleee  inland, and thuss  the  historical record tends to  get  lost..  

Ancient Maps 

An  unanswered puzzle  that  cartographers struggle with iss  thee  presence 
off  ancient maps that  indicate that  the  equator and the  poles  were not always 
where theyy  are today..  The accuracy off  these maps, detailing landmasses and 
their  placement as theyy  are essentially known today,,  cannot be  denied. These 
were not fanitasy maps, but  were drawn with  markings that  relate to  thee  placement 
off  stars and compasses, the  guides sailors use when farr  out at  sea. There iss  no 
ready  explanation, as the  detail and consistency do  not indicate confusion, and 
a  matter as central to  map-making as the  placement off  the  equator and poles  
would not likelyy  be  confused. The  obvious answer iss  staring these cartographers 
in  the  face.  Pole shifttss  occur often,,  and have occurred in  recent times. 

216 



Pole Shift Legends 

Prophecy 
If  one reads beyond the  surface for  the  deeper  meaning, one will  find  a  

remarkably similar theme inn  many prophecies. Compare the  Hopi  Indian, 
Mother Shipton, and  OASPHE descriptions of  the  forthcoming time of  
destruction and  death with the  scientific analysis done byy  Sitchin and  
Velikovsky, and one will  find,,  time after  time,  that  theyy  correlate. Yet  the  
Hopi  had  no contact with Mother Shipton, nor she  with the  Ohio dentist who 
wrote the  OASPHE, and  Sitchin and  Velikovsky moved inn  different circles 
and during different eras. TThheerreefore, dwell less  on the  trivial differences inn  
their  prophecy, and  more on the  similarities. 

Invariably, prophecies about the  millennium or pending geological 
changes are laid  alongside each other with the  differences raised up  and  
demands forr  reconciliation made. Like the  famous story  about the  blind men 
alll  feeling  a  different partt  of  the  elephant, some differences are due  to  
segregation, but  most are due  either to  the  prophet being  misunderstood or 
the  prophet misunderstanding what itt  iss  theyy  have been told.  Iff  you had 
never experienced an eclipse  of  the  Sun but  had  been advised that  one would 
occur, the  message may be  interpreted as  a  dayy  when the  Sun would hide,,  
when the  Sun  and  Moon would do  battle,,  when nightt  would come earlyy,,  
when there would be  aa  short dayy  or two short days,,  or a  very short night—but 
alll  these statements would be  referring to  the  same pending eclipse.  Just  so,  
when a  prophecy states that  land will  go  under the  sea and another states that  
the  land willl  risee  from thee  sea,  these prophecies are not inn  conflict with each 
other,  as both situations will  occur. 

ZetaTalk Prediction 

The firstt  pass off  thee  12th Planet will  occur, byy  our calculations, earlyy  inn  
the  year 2003. All  the  cataclysms expected will  occur during this  pass—tidal 
waves, earthquakes off  a  magnitude 15  on thee  Richter scale,  and a  cloud off  
vvoollccaanniicc  dduusstt  tthhaatt  will  make the  atmosphere dense as dusk forr  decades. A  second 
ppaassss  wwiillll  occur some seven or more years laterr,,  approximately 2011. This second 
ppaassss  ttaakkeess  tthhee  comet outside off  your solar system again,  but  as the  Sun will  
bufferr  thee  Earth on thiss  second pass, onlyy  slightt  earthquakes and tides  will  

occur at  that  time. 

217 



Zetatlalk 

Edgar Cayce 

The  Edgar Cayce vision off  California appearing as islands, having been 

inundated, iss  not inn  conflicctt  with  thee  ZetaTalk statement that  thee  West Coast will  

rise  up  due  to  forceful  subduction off p lates  to  the  west off  the  land.  One has  onlyy  

to  look  at  thee  geography off  California to  see that  thee  fertillee  inland valleyy  was 

recently  an inland sea, due  to  the  surrounding mountains holding the  water as a  

bowl. The  ZetaTalk prediction off  massive and forceful tidal  waves, rising  

hundreds off f eett  highh  to  clear thee  mountains when theyy  have no where else  to  

go,  will  re-flood  the  inland sea once again,  and that  drainage willl  take some 
time. Edgar Cayce has  also  stated a  vision that  lands will  appear in  the  
Caribbean, where ZetaTalk has  pointed  to  an area offf  Antarctica. Insofar as 
Cayce  was seeing the  immediate effectt  off  the  polee  shifftt  on thee  land,,  with the  
Atlantic widening so that  there iss  temporarily less  water to  rise up  on the  shores, 
thee  vision iss  correct. Cayce was also  reporting thee  immediate effectt  off  the  pole  
shifftt  on California. 

Mayan Calendar 

The  Mayan calendar iss  not so much incorrect as misunderstood. The 
calendar iss  derived from  calendars and plotting  methods lefftt  behind byy  the  
hominoid visitors from  the  12th Planet. There are and were many calendars in  
operation, and the  western calendar off  365 dayss  with an occasional leapp  year iss  
onlyy  one such method. Dates, when plotted  according to  one calendar method, 
do  not always linee  up  exactly when translated to  another calendar. However, 
the  primary difficulty inn  interpreting the  Mayan calendar iss  determining thee  
correct starting point.  One may be  accurate inn  calculating the  number of  days,,  
months, and years between events, but  unless thee  starting  point  iss  precisely 
known, the  end  point  iss  questionable. Thus there are various interpretations on 
when the  Mayan calendar ends,  albeit this  rather obviously coincides with thee  
coming millennium. We  have given  thee  correct dates forr  thee  return off  the  12th 
Planet as the  year 2003 forr  the  devastating firsstt  pass. All  other dates are 
iIncorrect. 

2188 



359  
Pole Shift Signs 

io ee 

a y ™~ 

American Indian legends are deeply  appealing to  most humans, who 
sense the  wisdom of  the  ages behind the  symbolism. The prophecy of  thee  
White Buffalo Calf seems specific, however, and the  birth  of  such calves 
going  into  the  millennium has  set  many to  wondering. Iss  thiss  simply  coinci- 
dence, or does itt  have meaning? Itt  does indeed have meaning, a  prophecy 
based on what history  taught  the  plainss  Indians, and  thus the  White Buffalo 
Calves are yett  another harbinger of  the  coming polee  shift.  

Albinos occur naturally inn  alll  life-forms, some with more rarityy  than  
others. What causes an albino to  emerge iss  assumed to  be  a  genetic  quirk,,  
where the  normal production of  color compounds iss  suppressed. This  iss  thee  
effect but  not the  cause, else  why  would lifee  inn  dark caverns or the  depths  of  
the  ocean be  pale,,  without color? If  color were a  genetic  quirk,,  then why  the  
almost totall  absence of  color inn  creatures livingg  inn  darkness? Coloration iss  
influenced byy  radiation, jusstt  as  tanning  takes placee  upon exposure to  sunlight. 
What iss  little  understood iss  that  thiss  phenomenon has  two switches, one 
increasing coloration under certain radiation frequencies, but  another reduc- 
ingg  coloration under aa  different set  of  radiation frequencies. The  core of  the  
EEaarrtthh,,  emitting iinn  greater bursts the  radiation her  caverns and  deep-water 

2199 



Zetatalk 

creatures are bathed inn,,  iss  confusing her  surface creatures. Thus,  the  Whitee  

Buffalo Calves, heeding the  signalss  from the  restless Earth,  are heralding the  

approaching polee  shift.  

Increasingly, as  the  core of  the  Earth adjustss  to  the  approach of  her  

brother, thee  12th  Planet,  thiss  increased radiation iss reflected on the  surface of  

thee  planet..  Humans are aware of  radio waves, X-rays, electromagnetic fields,  

and  gravitational tugs..  This  iss  but  a  tinyy  fraction of  the  invisible influences, 

and  alll  of  them are affected byy  thee  approach of  the  12th Planet. Life  att  the  

moment of  conception and  att  keyy  pointss  during  development of  the  embryo 
where celll  specialization or the  inception of  limbs and organs occurs, iss  
delicate, and  under more than thee  influence of  DNA. Look ttoo  what tthhee  ddrruugg  
Thalidomide did  to  the  formation of  limbs, where a  chemical influence 
interfered with  the  message intended byy  the  DNA, and  how children raised 
under high-power lines  developed cancer at  an undue rate. As  with White 
Buffalo Calves being  born,  deformed frogss  are heralding the  approach of  the  
12th Planet. 

Trends 

One signn  of  the  approach of  the  12th  Planet iss  a  slowing inn  the  rate of  
rotation, a  forerunner of  the  actual stop  inn  rotation that  occurs at  thee  moment 
of  passage. As  with weather and  warming trends,  thiss  iss  at  firstt  so gradual  
and slightt  as  to  be  arguable. Humans inn  denial do  not argue with  the  current 
data  drawn—they argue with  the  comparison to  pastt  data.  The past  data  was 
invalid inn  some way, was recorded with  imprecise instruments, or perhaps 
was not measured at  alll..  Precise weather data has  onlyy  been gathered for  the  
pastt  few  decades, a  hundred years at  most, and  priorr  to  that  was onlyy  re- 
corded at  times of  extreme weather likee  hurricanes, and  this  inn  thee  form of  
ttaalleess..  There was no mechanism to  measure, forr  instance, the  wind velocity  of  
a  hurricane, so the  estimated height  of  a  tidal  wave or  size  of  buildings 
flattened was recorded. Likewise with major  earthquakes, which inn  the  past  
have flattened cities. Without the  abilityy  to  capture Richter scale,,  earth- 
quakes inn  thee  past  were either termed a  temblor, small or big..  

The best way to  counter arguments iss  not to  point  to  the  past  but  to  start 
recording the  present. All  the  trends and signss  will  only  exacerbate, with the  
oceans warmer stillll,,  the  weather more erratic and unpredictable stillll,,  and the  
Earth gradually slowing inn  her  rotation more and more measurably. If  one 

2200 



Pole Shift Signs  

gathers these statistics now, and  gathers them yearly,  the  trends will  become a  
clear pattern. Thus,  the  arguments will  be  with people now living,,  and  with 
Sstatistics gathered by  the  same methods. As  the  trends and  signs  will  in--  
crease more rapidly,  exponentially, as  the  12th Planet enters the  solar system, 
this  comparison can be  used as  a  signal  to  many who plann  to  move to  safety  
that  the  time has  arrived. Where weather and warmer oceans will be  argu- 
able up  to  the  end,  a  slowing rotation iss  not arguable. 

Weather Changes 
Weather changes have already  begun—violent storms, unusual weather 

patterns, severe and long  lasting  droughts, increased frequency of  hurricanes, 
torrential rains,,  and  a  general warming of  the  planet..  The Earth itselff,,  not 
justt  thee  atmosphere, willl  be  warmer, and  thiss  affects weather patterns. 
Humanity has  come too  expect predictability in  the  weather. Even the  mon- 
soons of  the  East,,  or thee  hurricanes that  hitt  the  eastern United States,  are 
expected and prepared forr,,  as  theyy  are predictable. During the  next few  
decades, until the  Earth settles down into  another predictable pattern, man- 
kind will  find  itss  greatest problems with the  weather to  be  itss  unpredictability. 
The reason liess  deep  within the  Earth’s core, an area the  meteorologists 
refuse to  consider, and  thus  their  predictions on the  atmosphere will  never be  
based on the  rightt  parameters. 

A  key  change, to  which one could point,,  iss  the  warming of  the  Earth’s 
oceans around the  globe.  This has  been measured as  a  six-inch risee,,  world- 
wide,  on alll  the  beaches. The waters have risen because theyy  are warmer, 
and  warm water takes up  more room than cold water, as  alll  elementary 
physics books will  report. How iss  itt  that  thee  oceans, so very deepp  and  so 
very cold,,  have warmed up??  Iss  itt  the  almost imperceptible risee  inn  thee  tem- 
perature of  the  airr,,  a  degree  or so,  as reported to  date? Since heat  rises,,  why  
would thiss  slightt  risee  affect the  oceans? Meteorologists will  telll  you that  thee  
effect of  airr  warming iss  airr  turbulence, not  warmer oceans. The oceans aarree  

warmer because the  core of  the  Earth has  heated up,  and  itt  does so inn  re- 

sponse to  itss  brother coming closer. This willl  continue, and  increase, until  
sometime after thee  cataclysms are past..  

Going intoo  the  cataclysms thee  weather willl  become unpredictable, with  
torrential rainstorms where not expected, and  droughts likewise where not  
expected. Extremes of  temperature willl  be  experienced. There willl  be  

22]1 



Zetatalk 

unusually warm winters, where the  trees and  shrubs willl  start  to  bud,,  think- 

ingg  spring,,  and  then  will  be  subjected to  frost..  Similarly, frosts  will  come 

latee  inn  thee  spring,,  almost intoo  summer, killingg  the  buds which have already 

putt  forth  their tender shoots. 

Where today  thee  world balances these situations, shipping produce 

around the  world,  during  thee  years coming close to  thee  time of  thee  reappear- 

ance of  the  12th  Planet, alll  parts  of  the  world will  experience extremes. Of  

course, leading up  to  the  cataclysms, not alll  produce will  faill..  Greenhouse 

ccrrooppss  wwiillll  come through. Backyard gardens, tended carefully byy  watchful 
eyes, will  survive. But the  largee  cash  crops that  supply  crowded population 
centers will  find  littlee  to  market, and  the  pricess  will  go  up  accordingly. 

At  firstt,,  stores put  up  against such times will  be  tapped. After aa  bitt,,  
these stores will  run down, and  governments will  gett  nervous. Helping 
handouts, from countries better off  to  those inn  desperation, will  stop.  Friction 
on these matters will  frayy  att  already  frayed  nerves. Up  until  the  cataclysms, 
humans inn  the  main will  struggle on with the  farming and  fishing  methods 
theyy  are familiar with. Those groups who have prepared, and  are relying  on 
themselves and  their  own carefully tended gardens, will  not find  themselves 
pinched between starvation and  hostilities. Fortunately, thee  easiest produce 
to  grow iss  that  most economical as foodstuffs. Humans have but  to  return to  
their  recent past  and relearn these lessons. 

Deep Quakes 

One of  the  surest signss  thatt  thee  current eccentricity inn  weather patterns 
and  thee  increased magnetic diffusion exhibited byy  the  Earth’s core and the  
warming of  the  oceans from the  bottom up  are not simply variations on the  
norm, iiss  tthhee  dramatic increase inn  deepp  earthquakes, as noted since  the  mid 
1980s. This  of  course getss  littlee  media attention, justt  as  the  increasing 
magnetic diffusion iss  not inn  the  media, as  theyy  are difficult symptoms to  
explain. The increase inn  deepp  earthquakes, those indicating platee  adjustments 
att  the  most fundamental level,  are inn  particular a  tellingg  clue  that  a  polee  shift  
iss  inn  the  Earth’s near future. Few earthquakes register at  thiss  level,,  as most 
quakes registered by  man are on the  fragilee  and easilyy  crumbled surface. 

The snapping or crumbling surface affects mankind’s habitat directly, so  
that  surface quakes are noticed. Deep  quakes  rock the  boat but  don’t nor- 
mally  throw the  crockery about,  moving the  platee  as a  whole rather than 

2222 



Pole Shift Signs 

adjusting the  surface. Therefore deep  quakes result inn  little  damage, and thus 
get  little  media coverage. However, as  a  symptom heralding thee  coming polee  
shift,,  theyy  are extremely significant and more importantly, unexplainable inn  
any other context. The increase in  deep  earthquakes iss  currently reported, but  
as these increase and attention iss  focused on this  curious symptom, the  
current availability of  these statistics may be  blocked. Earthquake data iss  
reported by  location, date and time,,  Richter scale magnitude, and depthh..  
Expect that  latter piece  of  information to  be  dropped inn  thee  future. 

Booms and Flashes 

Increasingly as the  polee  shift  nears, the  Earth will  givee  evidence of  the  
compression and  tension inn  her  surface by  what humans will  perceive ttoo  bbee  
thunder or sonic bboooommss..  TThhee  mechanism iss  inn  fact  thee  same, clapping airr  
masses. Where thunder iss  caused byy  airr  masses separated byy  what iss  essen- 
tialllyy  a a vacuum created byy  the  superheating lightning bolt,,  and  where sonic 
booms are caused by  a  compressed and  thinned airr  mass colliding, pre- 
cataclysm booms are caused byy  heaving and  fallingg  inn  largee  bodies of  water. 
For every earthquake compression adjustment there iss,,  somewhere, a  widen- 
ingg  inn aa rift..  Most often these riftss  liee  underwater, as water fillss  low-lying 
places. A  widening riftt  does not  jolltt  the  bordering plates,  itt  iss  a  silent adjust- 
ment. However, the  sea water rushing to  fillll  the  new void has  an effect on 
the  airr  masses above, creating a  thin  airr  mass and  causing  the  airr  on alll  sides 
of  this  thin  airr  space to  rush inn,,  and clap!!  

Flashes of  lighhtt  will  accompanying the  booms caused byy  heaving seas, 
leading the  startled public  to  perceive that  an explosion might  have hap--  
pened.  As the  booms happen over water, where could the  spark  for  an 
explosion come from? These are indeed related to  the  booms, and are indeed 
explosions, and emerge from the  same source. Great poolss  of  methane gas  
lliiee  ttrraappppeedd  under the  surface inn  certain areas of  the  world, due to  rottingg  
debris trapped under layerss  of  volcanic ash  or sediment. JJuusstt  aass  tthhee  bboooommss  
indicate adjustments in  the  sea bed causing heaving water to  clapp,,  justt  so the  
flashes indicate adjustments inn  land masses allowing thee  methane gas  to  
escape and  on occasion sparkk  intoo  an explosion. 

223 



Zetatalk 

IllIness 

Increasingly, as thee  polee  shiftt  nears, the  populace will  take  sick.  This 
will  take  thee  form of  known illnesses occurring more frequently, seemingly 
depressed immune systems, but  will  also  appear as  new and puzzling illl--  
nesses not seen before inn  the  memory of  man. The changes at  the  core of  the  
Earth that  have resulted inn  E]l  Nifio weather patterns and  White Buffalo 
Calves and  deformed frogss  also  affect man. Not onlyy  iss  thee  body  asked to  
adaptt  too  a  changing environment, where radiation elements unknown to  man 
are increasing, but  various infectious agents are also  influenced to  behave 
differently. Exposure patterns are thus  changed, with infections occurring in  
circumstances otherwise considered healthy.  The germs are on the  move. 
Their carriers are on the  move. And thuss  humans are exposed to  diseases that  
are so rare as  to  be  undocumented inn  medical journals. 

H+e  

224 



36  
Countdown 

Oe | cy ‘ Lone Long. 
pawn = y husk Night 

The polee  shift  willl  not  take  anyone by  surprise, given  the  plethora  of  
undeniable signss  thatt  something momentous iss  around the  corner, such as 
increasing earthquakes and  volcanic eruptions, intractable droughts and  
inexplicable downpours, and  most tellingg  of  alll,,  an increased slowing of  thee  
Earth’s rotation. Nevertheless, the  exact moment, day,,  or week to  disrupt  
everyone’s schedule and  head for  the  hills  or farm seems difficult to  deter- 
mine. For primitive peoples without mechanical clocks there iss  a a countdown 
signn  that  can be  scarcely ignored.  The Earth moans, during  her  rotation 
slowing and stoppage, a  sound not heard byy  humans except during  earth- 
quakes. Here,  the  moaning iss  chronic,  essentially continuous, as  though 
under a  stress itt  cannot relieve with an earthquake, yett  cannot bear  inn  silence. 
For  those who question the  accuracy of  their mechanical clocks,  and who 
may have missed the  presence of  red  dust  due  to  livingg  indoors,  this  moaning 
of  the  Earth iss  equivalent to  the  clanging of  thee  firee  marshal’s bell.  Here itt  
comes, ready  or  not!  

2255 



Zetatlalk 

Rotation 

The  most dramatic siggnn  will  be  a  slowing rotation. Where at  the  present 
time,,  thiss  rate iss  enough  to  cause an occasional fraction of  a  second, per  year, 

of  adjustment to  thee  world clock,  thiss  will  soon change. This  increasing 

slowdown will  gett  diminishing press  coverage, as  clocks are quietlyy  adjustedd  

behind thee  scenes and  thee  public  toldd  their  clocks must be  running fast..  But  

there  will  be  a  pointt  inn  time,  a  few  dayss  ahead of  when rotation stops, when 

thiss  willl  gett  blatantly obvious. When one wakes up  inn  the  morning, finding  itt  
to  be  dark  outside rather than a  breaking dawn, yett  the  clocks inn  the  house 
and  the  entire neighborhood confirm that  itt  iss  indeed thee  morning hour—this 
iss  a  countdown signn..  Rotation will  completely stop  inn  a  dayy  or so,  with such 
a  dawn followed byy  an evening where thee  Sun seems reluctant to  set,,  setting  
hours later  than  usual, and  then rotation stops  completely. 

Should one line  these planets up  side  byy  sidee,,  the  Earth would look  to  
the  12th  Planet as  thee  Moon does to  the  Earth. There iss  no contest. Inn  the  
final  days,,  as  the  12th Planet begins  passing between the  Earth and  itss  Sun,  
the  Earth slows in  itss  rotation and  actually  stops  for  several days..  This iss  
recorded inn  written history  and  spoken  folklore, worldwide, as  a  longg  day  or 
night..  Rotation stops  because the  magnetic influence of  the  giantt  comet has  
essentially gripped  the  Earth,  with  a  predictable part  of  the  Earth facing  the  
approaching 12th  Planet—the mid-Atlantic Ocean off  the  eastern seaboard of  
the  United States. This partt  of  the  globe  lines  up  over former lava  flows 
from the  renting apart  of  the  continents, the  mid-Atlantic rift,,  and  iss  more 
intensely magnetized that  other parts  of  the  globe.  Thus,  the  Atlantic lava  
beds are gripped, facing  the  Sun,  facing  the  approaching 12th  Planet coming 
up  from the  South alongg  the  riftt,,  and causing both  Europe, the  Americas, and  
Africa to  be  on the  long-day side  of  the  Earth. 

Comet Tail  

A  second countdown signn  iss  a  fine  red  dust,,  unmistakable as  itt  cannot 
be  confused with any other natural occurrence. Ponds and  rivers turn red,,  the  
blood color mentioned inn  the  Bible’s Book off  Revelations, with this  iron  ore 
dust giving  the  water a  brackish taste. This countdown signn  comes almost in  
stepp  with the  rapidd  slowing inn  rotation, as  the  12th  Planet must be  between 
the  Earth and  the  Sun for  the  trash inn  itss  taill  to  be  sweeping the  Earth. Agaiinn, 
thiss  occurs a  dayy  or so before rotation stops,  and  travel will  become difffiicculutl t 

2266 



Countdown 

iff  not impossible once itt  does. The taill  of  the  12th Planet has  dust,,  gases, 
stones, boulders, and moons. The comet’s taill  sweeps the  Earth—dust, gases, 
stones and boulders all..  The comet’s moons hug  close,  so do  not come inn  
range, but  alll  else  iss  a  massive onslaught on the  Earth’s atmosphere. 

The firstt  to  arrive iss  a  fine  red  iron  dust. This dust,,  already oxygenated, 
does not burn. The next iss  a  fine  gravel, dropping in  places like  hail  stones. 
By  this  time the  Earth’s upper atmosphere iss  tearing  away, dispelled into  
space and no longer  snug as a  mantle around the  Earth, so this  trash no 
longer  burns as most meteors do..  Now comes an occasional boulder, fallingg  
without resistance on the  hapless Earth. Those who would escape the  wicked 
lick  of  thiss  taill  are advised to  take  shelter against  cliffs,,  inn  caves, inn  valleyss,,  
or under metal roofs. Itss  passage iss  swift,,  a  matter of  days,,  and the  ending 
abrupt.  

Panic 

In  spitee  of  denial and  suppression of  talkk  about the  approaching cata- 
clysms, when the  Earth slows and  then stops  inn  itss  rotation the  truth  will  be  
known. How could itt  not? There will  be  inn  general two responses inn  those 
previously unaware or inn  denial—flight and  paralysis. Paralysis needs no 
explanation: sittingg  at  home and  drinking the  liquorr  cabinet dryy;;  baking a  
cake and throwing aa  party  jusstt  to  pass the  hours more quickly inn  a  diversion. 
In  paralysis, no attempt to  deal  with the  impending disaster iss  made. Of 
course, those who remain inn  denial even when nightt  does not become dayy  or 
the  day  refuses to  end  are inn  a  type  of  paralysis. There will  be  those who will  
go  to  work and  attempt to  shopp  and attend social functions, as  though nothing 
were amiss. Activity and  familiarity tend to  comfort. 

Those who sense the  seriousness of  the  situation will  attempt to  flee..  Iff  
theyy  have been informed, but  scoffed, theyy  may know what ttoo  do  and  where 
ttoo  ggoo,,  aanndd  attempt ttoo  do  so inn  great  haste. Belongings and  even loved ones 
leftt  behind, doors leftt  wide open, heading forr  thee  hillss,,  forr  cover, to  escape 

the  cityy..  Iff  theyy  have not  been informed theyy  willl  attempt to  fleee  anyway, 
going  inn  alll  directions. Some, faced with  a  baking  Sun that  willl  not  relent 
willl  crouch under structures thatt  will  ultimately crush  them,  knowing no 

better.  Some, hearing  thee  Earth  moaning beneath them,  will  take  to  thee  airr  or 
sea iff  possible, onlyy  to  find  themselves eventually dashed out of  thee  skies byy  

hurricane winds or  crushed under waves hundreds of  feet  highh..  Those who 

2277 



Zetatalk 

have prepared and  placedd  themselves and  their  loved ones inn  safe  places  will  

not  find  themselves overrun att  thee  lastt  minute. This  iss not because lastt  

minute stragglers are not  tryingg  to  joinn  them. This  iss  because thee  stragglers  

cannot reach them. 

Imagine thee  situation. On one side  of  thee  Earth thee  Sun iss  not setting..  

Temperatures rise..  Machines break down. The telephone lines  are jammed, 

and  highways are blocked with disabled cars. Those on foot  don’t lastt  longg  

inn  the  heat.  Essentially, alll  iss  heat-locked. People  will  seek  a  cool  spot  and 
wwaaiitt  ffoorr  whatever comes. On  the  other side  of  the  Earth,  perpetual nightt  iiss  
reigning. Here activity  iss  not heat-locked, but  iss  rather sleep-locked. Busi- 
nesses do  not open, because everyone iss  confused. Are the  clocks broken? 
Telephone lines are also  jammed, and  lack of  coordination iss  evident every- 
where. The night  shift  goes home, eventually, exhausted, but  the  dayy  shift  
never shows up.  The traveler attempting to  drive somewhere finds  gas  
stations unattended and  cars out of  gas  blocking the  roads. So  those becom- 
ingg  aware of  the  situation at  the  lastt  minute do  not go  anywhere, essentially, 
whether theyy  want to  or not. 

The exception might  be  the  wealthy or powerful who have maintained a  
plane,  fueled and  ready,,  and find  alll  these arrangements working well when 
the  crisis  arrives. Private landing  stripss  and  well-stocked country estates 
make a  last-minute flighhtt  to  safetyy  possible. These are the  types of  planss  
beingg  made byy  members of  thee  establishment who,  while tending to  them- 
selves,  are working hard to  keep  the  rest of  humanity inn  blind ignorance. 

Safe Places 

Many factors go  into  what constitutes a  safe  place  during  aa  polee  shift..  
Mountains may ride  over flatt  land  abutting  the  mountain range, bbuutt  iiff  tthhee  
platess  are being  pulled  apart  or sliding  pastt  each other,  this  will  not occur. 
Land iss  affected byy  the  platee  itt  rides upon, and  iff  that  platee  iss  forced under 
another, the  land may dropp  below sea level and  become submerged. Like- 
wise iff  the  platee  iss  forced to  ride  atop  another under pressure, thee  land  may 
rtisee  above sea level. All  coastal areas will  be  subject  to  sloshing water, but  
some coastal areas will  be  the  safest  due  to  hot  land  or violent earthquakes, inn  
which case going  out to  sea inn  boats may be  the  best  chance of  survival. 

228 



Countdown 

Gently rolling  hills  may afford good  protection from the  hurricane force 
winds, but  where the  hills  are composed of  loose soill  that  will  shift unpre--  
dictably or slide,,  itt  may be  safer out in  the  open lyingg  flat..  

Areas subjected to  mountain building inn  the  recent pastt  can be  antici- 
pated  to  be  the  subject  of  mountain building againn  during thee  coming polee  
shift.  This includes the  Rockies west of  the  Continental Divide and the  
Himalayas. The spinee  of  mountains running the  length  of  South America iss  
aallssoo  hhiigghhllyy  subject ttoo  trauma during  polee  shifts. Humans during former 
cataclysms ran to  safetyy  from the  winds firstt,,  as  these were thee  firstt  to  arise. 
Thus theyy  went into  thee  valleys,  the  low  areas, and  itt  iss  here  thatt  thee  heat  
from friction inn  lower platess  rubbing iss  the  hottest. The legends report that  
those seeking shelter inn  valleys  jumped into  rivers to  cool  themselves, onlyy  to  
find  thee  wateerr  boilinngg..  In  both  the  Americas the  land  east  of  the  Continental 
Divide tends to  goo  forr  aa  ride  across the  plainss  to  the  east. 

Coastal lands can be  pulled  below sea level.  The Atlantic iss  anticipated 
to  widen greatly  during  the  coming polee  shiftt,,  and thiss  will  affect England as 
well  as  the  islands lyingg  to  the  west of  her..  England, however, will  not go  
completely under the  waves but  will  experience an overall dropp  inn  sea level.  
Due to  itss  attachment to  the  platee  including India,,  the  western portion of  
Australia will  suddenly go  under the  waves. This will  seem, to  the  stunned 
residents, as  though aa  tidal  wave were steadily  moving inland, and  where the  
crest of  the  wave will  not at  firstt  be  high,,  the  waters will  justt  keep  risingg  until 
alll  not afloat are drowned. Central America will also  disappear under the  
waves when the  Pacific shortens, the  many small platess  being the  pointt  of  
least resistance against  largerr  platess  surrounding Central America. 

The low-lying land  bordering the  Atlantic will  be  subjected to  inunda- 
tion  from tidall  waves during  the  polee  shift  to  an astonishing degree.  Waves 
hundreds of  feet  highh  carry a  tremendous force of  water behind them,  which 
breaks barriers before itt  and  climbs up  and  over barriers such as  hills  that  

stand inn  itss  way. Where France connects the  Mediterranean and  thee  Atlantic 
near the  border with Spain,,  itt  will  be  subjectt  to  sloshing  water from both 
water sources. As  water bodies of  different sizes  develop sloshing with 
different rhythms, thiss  area of  France can expect a  devastating possibility of  
having  a  wave come inn  from both  sources att  once. This  will  result inn  tidal  
bores roaring  up  intoo  thee  valleys  of  thee  Alpss  near Switzerland. 

2299 



Zetatalk 

Rivers can present dangers not imagined. The Mississippi River willl  be  

overflowing itss  banks during  thee  time of  thee  polee  shiftt,,  as  much due  to  back 

pressure from the  gulff,,  forcing the  river  to  back up,,  as  from downpours 

upriver..  Horrified residents inn  thee  bordering states will  find  water descend- 

ingg  upon them not  from the  gulff,,  but  from inland valleys not normallyy  

flooded. They  must watch their  backs as  well  as  their  fronts. Assume a  

rampaging Mississippi, equivalent to  at  least  twice the  flood stage ever 

experienced. Water softens thee  blows both  from thee  jolttss  of  earthquakes and,,  

_ iff  one iss  underwater, from flyingg  debris. However, water will  carry one with  

itt, , and  the  swimmers or submarines may find  themselves hundreds of  miles  
inland when aa  tidal  wave recedes, or farr  from any shore. 

Caverns or man-made tunnels inn  traumatized mountain areas willl  not be  
safe.  In  past  cataclysms, faced with highh  winds and  hailstones, many sought 
shelter inn  caves or caverns. This as  often brought death as salvation, as these 
hollow places  were formed during  mountain building inn  the  past,,  so seeking  
shelter inn  them iss  equivalent to  tryingg  to  avoid traffic byy  standing inn  the  
middle of  a  busy  highway. Subterranean cavities that  would be  safe  are so 
deep  and  thickly  surrounded by  rock that  theyy  are essentially a  bubble inn  a  
slab  of  granite..  As  humans run the  riskk  of  beingg  trapped  or crushed and  
could expect no rescue helpp  afterwards, thiss  option  iss  farr  less  safe  than other 
options. 

Cities will  not be  safe.  Beyond collapsing buildings that  will  be  virtual 
death traps,  gas  lines  and  oill  and  gasoline storage will  be  inn  flames, and the  
whole placee  likelyy  to  become an inferno. During violent earthquakes., those 
humans who survived were surrounded byy  the  least  structure. The singlee  
structure thatt  resists tearing  away inn  hurricane force winds and can withstand 
thee  magnitude of  earthquakes expected iss  a  continuous oval,,  partlyy  laid  into  
the  earth. A  domed structure gives  the  leastt  resistance to  winds, and  where 
the  dome iss  continuous, itt  provides a  shape  most resistance to  earthquake 
damage. Wind sweeps over but  does not liftt  thiss,,  and  the  sharpp  jolltt  of  an 
earthquake will  not crack a  continuous form. An oval will  also  settle  into  itss  
pre-quake position under the  jiggling influence of  after shocks. Made of  
metal,  such a  structure also  protects from firee  and  hailstones. 

iHe  

230 



S3i7e  
The Pole Shift 

When the  12th Planet positions itself  between thee  Earth and  thee  Sun,  
thingss  suddenly change.  The Earth then has  itss  greatest advocate forr  itss  
previous magnetic alignment, the  Sun,  negated. The Earth hears onlyy  the  
magnetic voice of  the  12th  Planet, so to  speak,  which stands between the  
Earth and  itss  former magnetic commander, thee  Sun.  The strength of  the  
magnetic field  will  be  such thatt  thee  12th Planet’s north pole,,  angled essen- 
tialllyy  inn  the  same direction as the  Earth’s north pole,,  forces the  Earth’s north 
polee  to  evade the  pressure and  accommodate itss  larger  brother byy  swinging 
thee  bulge  of  Brazil to  the  north pole..  The Earth’s core iss  more sensitive to  
the  magnetic alignment than the  crust. The core gripss  the  crust, and  iss  not as 
liquidd  as  one might  think. There iss  friction, so there iss  the  tendency for  thee  
whole to  move as one. 

The polee  shift  iss  inn  fact  aa  movement of  thee  interior of  the  Earth,,  the  
core, to  come into  alignment with the  12th  Planet. The 12th  Planet,  due  to  itss  
massive size  inn  comparison to  the  Earth,  dominates the  magnetic scene, and  
itt  iss  inn  this  regard  that  gravity  comes into  the  Pole Shift  equation. The 
Earth’s crust resists aligning  with the  giantt  comet, beingg  caught  iinn  aa  web ooff  
magnetic pullss  from itss  immediate neighborhood. In  other words, the  Earth’s 
crust wants to  stayy  with  the  old,,  established, magnetic pulll,,  while thee  core of  
the  Earth,,  having  lesss  allegiance and  attachment to  the  neighborhood, listens 
ttoo  tthhee  new vvooiiccee..  There iiss  aa  great  deal  of  tension thatt  builds between thee  

23]1 



Zetatalk 

crust of  the  Earth and  thee  core of  thee  Earth. This  tension iss  released when the  

core of  thee  Earth breaks with the  crust,  and  moves. However, the  core of  the  

Earth dragss  the  crust with itt  as  itt  turns to  aliggnn  anew. 

The polee  shiftt  iss  therefore sudden, taking  placee  inn  what seems to  be  
minutes to  humans involved inn  the  drama, but  which actually  takes  placee  

during  the  better partt  of  an hour. There are stages, between which the  human 
spectators, inn  shock, are numb. At  firstt  there  iss  a  vibration of  sorts,  a  jigg--  
gling,,  as  the  crust separates inn  various places  from thee  core. Then there iss  a  
slide,,  where the  crust iss dragged, over minutes, to  a  new location, along  with 
the  core. During the  slide,,  tidall  waves move over the  Earth along  the  coast 
lines,,  as  the  water iss  not attached and  can move independently. The water 
tends to  stayy  where itt  iss,,  the  crust moving under itt, , essentially. When the  
core finds itself  aligned,  itt  churns about somewhat, settling,  but  the  crust, 
more solid  and  inn  motion, proceeds on. This iss inn  fact  where mountain 
building and  massive earthquakes occur, justt  as  car crashes do  their damage 
on thee  pointt  of  impact,  when motion must stop..  

Weak spots  among the  Earth’s crust givee  way. The Pacific Ocean will  
shorten, and the  Atlantic will  widen. Subducting plates  will  subduct greatly.  
Mountain building will  occur suddenly, primarily increasing inn  areas already 
undergoing mountain building. All  told,,  the  better partt  of  an hour,  but  at  
certain stages, onlyy  minutes. Plants survive as theyy  are rooted and  their  seeds 
are everywhere, and animals, including man, survive because theyy  travel with 
the  moving platess  of  the  Earth and  experience no more severe a  shock when 
the  platess  stopp  moving than theyy  would during  a  Richter-9 earthquake. 
Where mountain building occurs when the  platess  stop  moving, the  stoppage 
iss  not simply a  sudden joltt,,  likee  a  car hittingg  a  brick wall. All  iss  inn  motion, 
and  the  stoppage iss  more like  a  car hitting  a  barrier of  sand-filled plastic  
barrels—a series of  small joltss,,  occurring inn  quickk  succession. 

Earthquake 

During the  polee  shift  alll  platess  on Earth are on the  move, and the  jolltt  
occurs at  the  sudden stopp  when the  crust stops  moving. This iss when the  
Richter-9-equivalent earthquakes, which we have termed Richter 15,,  because 
the  scope iss  farr  largerr  than Richter 9,,  will  be  feltt  worldwide. The earth- 
quakes following the  polee  shift  will  be  no more wrenching than earthquakes 
due  to  platee  adjustments under normal circumstances. The moving plates,  

2322 



The Pole Shift 

suddenly slamming into  each other as theyy  start to  slow down, will  create a  
domino effect not unlike a  multiple car crash. One platee  slams into  another 
as the  firstt  platess  slows down, creating a  domino effect that  rapidly  ricochets 
around the  world, within minutes. 

There iss  no delayy  inn  this  motion, as  each platee  iss  solid and  what affects 
one edge  affects the  farr  edge,,  when the  entire platee  iss  inn  motion. Thus,  the  
earthquakes come alll  at  once and rapidly  settle down to  an adjustment phase,  
within minutes. But  due to  the  immensity of  the  adjustment, wwiitthh  many 
platess  inn  barely  tenable positions, there will  be  many aftershocks, mmoosstt  
occurring within the  firstt  few weeks. These will  range from Richter 8  on 
down, but  inn  no case will  be  as  great  as the  initial shock during  the  polee  shift.  
They  will  rapidly  diminish, reduced to  annoying tremors after  a  few weeks. 

Plate Adjustments 

During severe polee  shifts,,  land  rises  and  drops,  sometimes moving 
under the  waves. This  iss  caused quitee  naturally byy  moving plates,,  which 
adjust  to  being  squeezed against each other or pulled  apart..  Suddenly 
submerged land can be  the  result of  either dynamic. Likewise, land  longg  
under thee  sea can suddenly pop up,  presenting gasping and  dying  sea lifee  and  
deep  muck that  eventually dries  to  form new and  very fertile soil..  

Continents pulled  apart,  as inn  the  steadily widening St..  Lawrence 
Seaway or the  African Great Rift  Valley,  can cause land along  the  perimeter 
to  rise,,  as  the  stretch over the  curvature of  the  Earth has  been removed, so 
that  the  natural buoyancy or shape  of  the  land  can take effect. Thus the  land  
inn  the  New England area of  America iss  expected to  lifftt  somewhat when the  
St..  Lawrence Seaway tears further apart.  Continents pulled  apart,,  as  inn  thee  
widening Atlantic riftt,,  cause sinking land  along  the  shores as  the  curvature of  
thee  Earth causes the  midpoint between continents being  pulled  aappaarrtt  ttoo  ddrroopp..  

There iss lesss  crust to  cover thee  magma underneath, so thatt  rippss  inn  the  crust 

form att  thee  weakest or  lowest points..  Ripped  crust at  the  bottom of  ocean 

riftss  allows heavy land  along  the  edgee  to  lose  itss  support, thus  itt  can sink  intoo  

the  magma. 

Continents squeezed together  invariably find  one platee  or  thee  other 
actingg  as  the  loserr,,  subducting or  fracturing into  piecess  thatt  sllaanntt  aatt  aann  aannggllee  

too  form new mountain ranges. For  every adjustment where thee  continents or  

land  are beingg  wrenched apart,,  there  iss  a  collateral squeezing of  platess  

233 



Zetatalk 

elsewhere. On the  Earth,  thiss  squeezing occurs along  thee  Pacific Rim,  with  

Japan  and  the  Philippines, along  with  the  whole western coast of  thee  Ameri-  

cas, getting  thee  brunt of  thiss  squeeze. Where thiss  squeezing causes new land  

to  risee  iss  where platess  fracture, freeing a  portion  of  aa  platee  to  act  on itss  own. 

Squeezing can force land under,  to  relieve the  stress, but  can also  pop land 

up,  so thatt  itt  rides  above another platee..  This  iss  often the  case, and thus  as a  

result of  the  coming polee  shiftt,,  new land  willl  emerge near Antarctica between 

thee  tipp  of  Africa and  South America due  to  pressure against  the  western coast 

_ of  South America. 

Continental Rip  

Tearing of  continents iss  lesss  traumatic than itt  would seem to  humans, 
who imagine the  continents as one platee  and  think of  how lumber resists 
beingg  torn,  metal bends and twists before tearing,,  and a  rope of  fibers resists 
while the  fibers snap one by  one. Continents are inn  factt  an overlay of  many 
plates,,  and faults are where most of  the  plates  have fractured inn  the  same 
place..  The continents are attached because some of  the  platess  have not 
fractured. This  concept should not be  thatt  hard to  grasp iff  one considers that  
many land faults have a a slip-slide relationship to  the  plates,,  which are 
moving inn  different directions pastt  each other. This motion would not be  
possible iff  thee  platess  were not,,  inn  factt,,  separate. Thus, ripping  apart  of  
continents iss  no more traumatic than subducting or slip-sliding. 

The land  along  the  edges  generally retains itss  altitude, as this  was 
determined byy  the  thickness of  the  plates,,  thus  itss  buoyancy on the  sea of  
lava. Solid land  iss  composed to  a  great  degree from the  lighterr  elements A’}  

which rose to  thee  topp  during  the  earlyy  cooling of  planet  Earth,  and  thus  
formed the  floating  crust. 

2344 



38  
Wind, Water, and Fire 

As  great  as the  danger to  humans and thee  fauna and  flora  of  the  Earth 
that  earthquakes bring,,  greater stillll  iss  the  devastation that  thee  shifting  waters 
will  bring..  There are several factors att  playy..  Water iss  more liquidd  than the  
core of  the  Earth,  and  certainly more liquidd  than terra firma. Where the  
Earth,  dragged byy  ittss  core, iss  shifting  into  alignment with the  12th  Planet, itss  
waters resist greatly.  Thus the  waters slosh over the  nearby land,,  inn  the  
direction opposite to  the  shift.  This iss  lessened byy  a  tendency of  the  waters 
directly  under the  giantt  comet to  rise  up  to  meet thee  comet. The waters heapp  
up,  inn  what appear to  be  giantt  waves. This tends to  lessen the  sloshing over a  
shoreline on the  comet side,,  but  has  no effect on the  water’s movement on 
the  farr  side  of  the  Earth. 

During the  hour of  thee  polee  shiftt,,  when thee  crust of  the  Earth iss  being  
dragged along  with the  core such that  the  Earth’s north polee  iss  turning  away 
from the  north polee  of  the  12th  Planet, and the  Earth’s south polee  iss  pulling 
up  to  face  itt, , several thingss  are happening att  once. A  synergy, or playoff,  
therefore occurs. The stage  iss  set  byy  what occurs during  thee  dayss  preceding 
thee  polee  shift,,  when thee  Earth’s  rotation slows and then stops,  within a  day,,  
and  stands with her  mid-Atlantic ridgee  facingg  the  Sun where thee  12th Planet 
iss  passing.  During these few  days,,  lesss  than aa  week,  when rroottaattiioonn  hhaass  

2355 



Zetatalk 

stopped, the  waters of  her  oceans flow toward the  poles  and  away from her  

fatt  equator. An equalization occurs, the  waters settlingg  evenly,  where nor- 

mally  the  rotation pullss  the  water byy  centrifugal force to  where thee  motion iss  

fastest,  at  the  equator. Thus,  when the  polee  shiftt  itself occurs, thee  oceans 

have pulledd  away from thee  tropicall  shores and  flooded the  frozen poles..  

Tidal  waves are caused byy  several factors,  but  to  those livingg  alongg  thee  
coasts, the  effect iss  the  same. When the  Earth rolls  her  north polee  away from 
the  Sun and  the  passing 12th  Planet,  the  water resists,  and thus there iss 
flooding where the  oceans meet land  moving into  the  water, and  a  drawing 
away of  the  oceans on those shores which are pulling away from the  stagnant 
ocean water. However, forr  the  most part,,  the  oceans move with the  land  as 
one. When the  motion stops,  the  water, not  being  attached to  the  core as  the  
crust iss,,  failss  to  put  on the  brakes and  continues itss  motion, and  thus  tidal  
waves occur where onlyy  hours before the  water had  drawn away from the  
shores. A  third  factor affects the  heightt  and  force of  tidal  waves, and  that  iss  
the  movement of  plates  where the  bow!l that  holds the  ocean water may 
become largerr  or smaller. 

Where the  Atlantic widens and  tears apartt  thee  North American continent 
alongg  what iss  already her  seaway, there willl  be  more places  for  the  water to  
pooll  than  there will  be  water available, which will  cause water gathered at  
the  poless  to  rush  toward these parts  of  the  globe.  Where the  African Conti- 
nent continues to  rupture away from itss  largee  neighbors, or where there iss  a  
rupture along  the  land  fault  bordering India,  there will  be  a  temporary 
lowering of  water in  the  Indian Ocean, which will  draw water from where itt  
has  gathered at  the  south pole..  Where thee  Pacific shortens dramatically, 
subducting India and  western Australia and  subducting plates  along  both the  
American continents, the  water in  the  Pacific will  find  itss  bowl suddenly 
smaller, and will  rise  along  shores on both sides. 

Given thee  size  of  the  Pacific ocean, and  the  abilityy  of  her  waters to  rush  
over low-lying areas inn  Central America or around Australia, tidal  waves 
alongg  the  Pacific coast are not substantially larger  than along  other coasts. 
The Pacific will  already  be  low  on the  coasts along  her  equator due  to  the  
waters movement toward the  poless  when rotation stops  for  several days..  
Given that  the  Atlantic and  Pacific oceans will  equalize in  size  during  thiss  
next polee  shiftt,,  and  finding  the  oceans inn  the  Pacific more fulll,,  relatively 
speaking, the  water at  the  poles  will  pour into  the  Atlantic or  Indian Ocean,,  

236 



Wind, Water, and Fire  

in  preference to  pouring into  the  Pacific. And then the  broad expanse of  the  
Pacific can absorb any  shrinking of  the  Pacific bowl,  as  each acre of  ocean 
takes itss  share of  the  rise,,  lessening the  effect on the  shores. 

All  of  these actions, where water iss  set inn  motion, create chaotic motion. 
Water may be  inn  aa  position to  suddenly drop,,  having been heaped highh  in  
proportion to  the  surrounding water. Cold arctic water may have been thrust 
on topp  of  warmer water, and  as  with tornadoes, when tthhee  tthhrruusstt  tthhaatt  ccaauusseedd  
this  situation stops,  the  cold water will  suddenly drop,,  creating a  vortex. 
These giantt  whirlpools have  been recorded byy  the  ancients, as  their  shipss  on 
occasion were caught in  them during  aa  polee  shift..  When one of  the  fleet  
managed to  escape, thee  talee  was told  and  recorded. However, as with many 
pole-shift-generated tales,,  these tales  are taken to  be  myths.  

Wind Storms 

At  the  shiftt,,  the  surface of  thee  Earth will  move, inn  justt  under an hour,,  
more than a  quarter turn. Massive earthquakes and  tidal waves occur when 
thiss  motion stops,  and hurricane-force winds occur world wide during  this  
shift.  During the  shiftt,,  the  atmosphere of  the  Earth does several things,,  alll  at  
once. Itt  dragss  alongg  with the  Earth,  to  which itt  iss  attracted, being  primarily 
more involved with gravity attraction straight  down. Just  as the  waters inn  
your oceans move with the  Earth as itt  turns, the  atmosphere, beingg  a a lighteerr  
and  more mobile ocean, moves too. 

Itt  moves as a  mass, pushing on airr  in  other places  and  likewise, itself 
being  pushed. Thus, even inn  those places  on the  Earth which are not moving 
during  the  shiftt,,  but  are pivott  points,,  the  airr  iss  turbulent. Itt  swirls,  as circular 
motion inn  airr  masses iss  the  response to  conflicting forces,  as  seen inn  the  
circular motion of  tornadoes and  hurricanes. Humans wishing to  prepare forr  
these violent winds should anticipate a  force equall  to  their  familiar hurri- 
ccaanneess,,  nnoott  tornado force,,  although tornadoes will  be  spawned. Stayy  below 
the  Earth’s surface, liee  low,,  and  tiee  down everything you wish to  find  when 

it’ss  over. 

Fire Storms 

FFiirree  storms aare caused by  reactions of  atmospheric gasses to  the  turmoil 
goingg  on. Hydrocarbons are inn  essence created, due  to  thee  flashes of  lightt--  
ningg  and  intense heat  due  to  passage over open volcanoes, and  these  hydro-  

2377 



Zetatalk 

carbons rainn  down, afire,,  at  times. With thee  atmosphere scattered, chemicals 

inn  the  comets taill  similar to  petrochemicals do  not flash  inn  a  quickk  consum- 

mation into  water and  carbon dioxide, but  descend close to  the  surface of  the  

Earth before bursting into  flame—a firee  storm, killingg  alll  beneath itt..  All  thiss  
has  been reported in  ancient times,  as  humans observed accompaniments to  
the  cataclysms. This type  of  activity  sets forests afire.  Where vegetation 
regrows, from seeds and  roots, many areas will  nevertheless be  denuded of  
vegetation forr  some time. 

Oil,,  gas,  and  coal  deposits are indeed the  product  of  biological elements 
decomposing under great  heat  and  pressure, but  this  iss  not the  onlyy  source of  
these products. They  form inn  the  atmosphere under certain conditions, where 
intense heat from exploding volcanoes and  continuous lightning create the  
equivalent of  petrochemicals from thee  carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen inn  the  
atmosphere. Petrochemicals that  form inn  the  sky,,  where theyy  faill  to  burn due  
to  lack  of  freee  oxygen, soak into  the  fractured ground  and  become trapped 
during  the  settling  process that  aftershocks provide for  many years after  a  
polee  shift..  

2388 



39  
The Aftermath 

&EEmmeergent . 
BEExxiissttiinngg  jae af 
@&  SSuubbmmeerrggse nt j 

Equator 

OoO Map  Spacing 
gmw  Map  Spacing 
©  Ocean 

The dayy  of  a  significant polee  shiftt,,  such as  will  occur on this  next 
passage of  the  12th Planet, iss  one no human on Earth will  be  able to  ignore..  
For most, itt  will  be  a  most terrible day..  

The Wait 

Those who have had no forewarning will  be  no worse offf  than those who 
have heard rumors but  have been unable to  make changes inn  their  liffee  to  prepare. 
In  fact,,  having  no forewarning will  almost be  a  blessing forr  those unable to  
prepare, as in  this  way theyy  will  not agonize over choices made. Those who 
have prepared will  be  in aa  state off  highh  anxiety,  imagining thee  worst. Regardless 
off  whether a  human realizes what iss  about to  happen butt  has  been unable to  
take themselves to  safety,,  or has  no realization, thee  effecctt  iss  the  same. Theyy  wait 
forr  what iss  to  come next. As  we have described, thiss  waiting can take  thee  form  
off  distractions such as parties or denial such  as continuing with  the  dailyy  routine 

2399 



ZetaTtalk 

as though  everything were normal, but  forr  most thiss  waiting iss  a  typee  off  breath 

holding.  Theyy  are inn  shock,  from  thee  time theyy  realize thatt  the  Earth has  stopped 
rotating until  thee  polee  shifftt,,  theyy  are essentially inn  shock,  forr  days..  

Tidal Waves 

For those along  coast lines,,  thee  hour when the  Earthh' s s crust moves along  
with the  core to  itss  new position iss  not thee  time off  trauma until  the  Earths core 
and crustt  ssttop. Itt  iss  then  that  massive tidal  waves rolll  slowly  up  into thee  coastal 
areas, firsstt  on one side  off  a  body  off  water and then,  later  when thee  water sloshes 
back,  on thee  other side.  Both tides  are equally devastating. Being  on highh  
ground along  a  coast linee  iss  no safetyy  factor iff  the  water has  nowhere to  go,  as 
the  press off  water behind the  wave head will  force  the  water up  when meeting a  
barrier, so one iss  flooded anyway. Riding  the  wave results inn  being  dashed 
against  barriers, and allowing thee  wave to  engulf  one iss  a  certain drowning, 
fortunately a  painless death. Thus, those along  the  coast lines die  ffrromm  tidal 
waves, almost invariably, iff  theyy  are not dead already. 

Earthquakes 

For those inland beyond the  reach off  tidal  waves, the  earthquakes are 
devastating. All  but  the  flimsiest off  housing iss  wrenched so violently  thatt  theyy  
collapse, crushing and trapping those inside. Those inside tents or straw huts 
will  findd  themselves, alongg  with  their  housing, jerked sideways, but  asidee  ffrom  
scrapes and bruises, relatively unharmed. Lying  on the  ground during  thiss  time 
iss  inn  and of  itsseelfl fa protection, as friction  along  the  ground prevents one from  
beingg  hurled. In  the  cities,  structures collapse, creating in  thee  extreme— 
everywhere—the scenario seen aftierr  major earthquakes. The injured die  from  
lack  off  treatment, and thee  livinngg  soon sicken from  drinking sewage-contaminated 
water, and with  transportation blocked on alll  sides,  starvation soon takes itss  
tolll  also. 

Plate Movement 

Those livingg  on subducting plates that  border the  oceans will  find  
themselves covered with a  depthh  of  ocean water that  theyy  cannot resist. Tii h eyy  
willl  surely  drown. Those situated where rapid subduction occurs, on areas 
above sea level,  may findd  themselves on hot  earth during the  moments following 
a  pole  shiftt..  The crust stops moving, and the  plates  inn  essence slam into  each 
other,,  like  a  train whose engine  suddenly comes to  a  stop.  Here height  helps,  as 
the  greater the  distance from  where friction  between the  crusts iss  creating heat,,  
the  better. The heat  can be  great enough to  melt  rock,,  as witnesses who have 

240 



The Aftermath 

survived such terrifying sights  attest. Volcanoes, active and inactive, will  explode 
violently, covering the  surrounding areas in  raining rock and dust and 
superheating the  air  so that  alll  liffee  nearby iss  extinguished in  a  wink. 

Fire Storms 

Lightning and firee  storms from falling  walls of f fllaming petrochemicals, 
formed during the  interaction off  gasses with volcanic heat and continuous 
lightning, cannot be  predicted. They  can happen world wide,  and as with the  
hurricane-force winds are a  feature off  the  atmosphere, not the  land mass. While 
theyy  are rare, these firee  storms are devastating, and burn alll  beneath thhee  falling  
wall of  flame  inn  a  holocaust. The horrified victims have littlee  chance to  even 
realize what iss  happening before  theyy  are engulfed and lose  consciousness from  
lack off  oxygen. As  with spontaneous human combustion, the  victim iss  
unconscious ‘dduurriinngg  the  burning process. Protection from  this  rare chance off  
devastation iss  bestt  attained byy  sheltering under a  metal roof,,  which will  not 
burn. 

Starvation 

In  rural areas survivors findd  themselves dealing lesss  with thee  collapse off  
civilization than with  climate changes. At  firstt,,  stores are eaten until  gone, and 
then  real  concern about the  inability to  grow crops sets in..  Will  the  Sun never 
shine through the  clouds? More than  any other reason., this  iss  what causes 
pole-shift survivors to  wander—they are seeking a  land where the  sun shines as 
itt  used to,,  sure that  theyy  are simply on the  wrong side off  the  Earth forr  some 
reason. Starvation soon has  survivors eating  everything in  sightt,,  chewing on 
old  leather, eating  the  branches off  dead trees, but  stilll  the  gnawing hunger 
continues. Death byy  starvation iiss  also  relatively painless, as a  stupor sets in..  
The mind iss  dulled, and languor envelopes the  human, who iss  essentially asleep  
when death comes. 

Climate Change 

The polee  shiftt,,  of  course, radically affects thee  climate of  every placee  on 

Earth. How could itt  not?  The equator has  changed, and  formerly temperate 
and even polarr  areas now find  themselves under thee  hot,,  continuous equato- 
riall  sun. Inhabitants of  these areas may find  themselves subject  to  severe 

24]) 



Zetatalk 

sunburn, forr  the  firstt  time inn  their  lives,,  and,,  not understanding thee  phenom- 

enon, theyy  will  not know what to  do..  Other inhabitants, formerly inn  the  

equator, willl  quicklyy  freeze to  death. The temperature plunges, unremit- 

tingly,,  and  theyy  are illll  prepared. This iss,,  alll  toldd,,  a  relatively  benign death,,  as  

the  hypothermic body  becomes dreamy and  seemingly fallss  asleep..  Few 

areas will  find  thee  climate remaining the  same, byy  coincidence having the  

same relative latitude as before. 

Over time the  plants  and  animals change, accommodating the  climatic 
change. Plants, in  particular, are hard hitt,,  as theyy  are sensitive to  the  tem- 
perature, humidity, and  exposure to  sun and  wind. The die-off iss  massive, 
but  certain other opportunists survive. Over time,  there iss  a  creep that  
occurs, such that  from places  where the  climate has  remained the  same, 
plants  grow outward toward where theyy  find  conditions hospitable. The 
opportunists who took over, preempting alll  thee  stragglers, find  theyy  are being  
pushed, steadily,  to  assume their  former status. Animals, being  mobile, are 
less  hard  hitt,,  and either travel or adjustt  their dayy  and  nightt  to  thee  new condi- 
tions. After a  time,,  a  few centuries, the  Earth looks much as  itt  didd  before, 
onlyy  this  time with new poles,,  a  new equator, and  newly established temper- 
ate  zones. 

All  of  thiss  activity  iss  modulated at  firstt  by  the  gloom caused by  volcanic 
dust.  Strong  sunlight occurs onlyy  occasionally, inn  certain locations. In  the  
main there iss dusk,  ever present dusk. Where there iss vegetation die  back,  
thiss  iss  caused inn  factt  more byy  thee  lack  of  sunshine than byy  any climatic 
changes. Animal lifee  iss  impacted byy  the  lack of  food,  too,,  more than climatic 
changes. However, after  aa couple  of  decades, the  skies  clear,,  and  then  the  
climatic changes are the  stronger determinant. Overall, the  Earth’s climate 
remains much as  itt  iss  today,,  throughout and  after  the  cataclysms. Initially, 
justt  after the  polee  shiftt,,  the  local climate at  any  given  point  on the  Earth will  
be  a  result of  several factors. 

Previous Climate 

Previous climate, as forr  instance on a  former polar  ice  cap,  will  have 
either a  warming or cooling influence. This  will  onlyy  be  extreme where ice  
packs  lingerr  or the  ground iss  deeply  frozen. Elsewhere, warming or cooling to  
temperatures appropriate to  the  new longitude occur within days..  

2422 



The Aftermath 

Long Day or Night  

Placement on the  day  or nightt  side  off  the  Earth, when rotation stops forr  
days  preceding the  pole  shifftt  and slowly begins  again afterr  the  12th Planet 
passes, iss  a  factor.  Again,  this  effectt  dissipates within days..  

Volcanic Activity 

Volcanic activity and the  roiling  off  the  Earth’s core are factors that  
continue forr  some decades afterr  a  polee  shiftt,,  justt  as theyy  do  during the  decade 
preceding aa  pole  shiftt..  Overall, thiss  activity has  a  slightt  warming influence, a  
fJew  degrees at  most, depending on location. 

Cloud Cover 

A  dense cloouudd  covveer r that  lasts  forr  decades iss  a  factor,,  resulting from  the  
volcanic activity and loss  off  atmosphere due to  the  stripping away that  occurred 
during lashing  byy  the  comett’’ : taill..  The dust-filled clouds are low  to  the  ground, 
and create a  constant gloom.  Rain occurs almost continuously. Where sunlight  
cannot penetrate and seldom manages to  peek  through thiss  dense cloud cover, iitt  
does warm the  Earths atmosphere and thus itss  warming influence iss  not lostt  on 
the  Earth. There will  be  less  warmth from  sunlight, but  more warm, wet air..  

Geography Change 

As  we have stated,  the  Atlantic will  widen and  the  Pacific will  narrow. 
Where the  Pacific effect will  cause sudden and  violent subduction of  several 
plates,,  which are already subducting, inn  the  Atlantic thee  effect will  be  thee  
opposite. A  gulff  will  appear, with platess  torn apart  and  the  softer magma 
under the  platess  will  be  exposed to  the  cold  Atlantic water. While thiss  willl  
harden the  magma and establish new platee  surface, there will  be  less  support 
forr  the  abridging plates,,  those that  attach however remotely to  the  shorelines 
ooff  tthhee  Americas, Europe, and  Africa. These non-supported platess  will  sink,,  
somewhat, bringing their  formerly above-water land  masses down under the  
water inn  many places..  As  an instance, Europe, and  inn  particular the  western 

islands of  Britain and  Ireland, willl  find  itself  more affected than  some other 

parts  of  thee  globe..  

After the  polee  shift  thee  Earth begins  rotating again,,  with  itss  new poless  inn  
thee  same relative position  to  thee  solar  system as  today..  Inn  other words, 

whatever partt  of  thee  Earth iss  north,  magnetically, after  thee  shiftt,,  will  become 

2433 



Zetatalk 

the  new north polee..  The  polee  shiftt,,  with  consequent realignment of  thee  poles,,  

will  placee  thee  new equator over formerly frozen lands. Greenland, Canada, 

Alaska, Siberia,  and  Europe willl  be  affected byy  the  new equator. This  will  

not mean that  these areas will  be  lush,,  righhtt  away. The  temperate zones, not 

alll  that  lush  to  begin  with,,  willl  find  themselves after  thee  cataclysms inn  a  

warm state,,  but  with littlee  vegetation. Past  cataclysms have regularly rear- 

ranged  the  Earth’s geography and  climate zones, as  thee  Earth attests. The 

continents, once one largee  land  mass, were torn apart,  temperate or tropical  

aarreeaass  suddenly freezing up  and  covering over with  icee  and  snow that  never 
melts,  and  frozen wastelands gradually melting and  warming to  sustain lifee  
once again..  Mountains inn  mountain-building areas were pushed higher  and  
subducting platess  were suddenly slidd  under thee  overplate. 

While the  land rearranges, the  oceans slosh about but  eventually settle 
into  the  lower areas. Coastal spots  that  had  formerly been above the  water 
linee  may now be  under the  waves, and  likewise platess  that  had  been sub- 
merged may now be  dryy  land.  How much land pokes  above the  waves 
depends on how deep  and  wide the  ocean riftss  are,  but  historically thee  
landmass inn  total  has  remained the  same. Continents do  not disappear, but  
platess  abutting continents or close to  the  ocean surface may risee  and  falll,,  
depending on the  platee  action around the  sitee  and  elsewhere around the  globe..  
Iff  plattee  action thrusts formerly submerged land  out from under the  sea, then 
the  settlingg  oceans have less  area to  settle  into  and  consequently beaches 
worldwide may rise..  Likewise, aa sudden yaw inn  a  mid-ocean riftt  may cause 
beaches worldwide to  drop,,  but  inevitably the  yaw iss  matched by  a  crunch 
elsewhere, where land  will  subduct. 

New Rotation 

After the  12th  Planet passes, the  Earth’s rotation begins againn  due to  thee  
factors that  guide  rotation of  the  planetss  inn  your solar  system. Many humans 
assume  rotation to  be  simply leftover motion resulting  from some past  
activity  such as  the  bigg  bang,  but  rotation iss  guided by  gravitational and  
electromagnetic influences on the  liquidd  cores of  planets  and moons. Parts of  
the  core move away from or  toward these influences, dragging the  crust with 
itt, , and  as  the  turning motion brings  those parts  of  the  core back to  where theyy  
don’t want to  be,,  motion iss  reinstituted and continued. For the  Earth, frozen 

244 



The Aftermath 

in  place  at  the  moment of  passage, rotation begins again  within a  dayy  after  
the  12th Planet moves from itss  influential placee  between the  Earth and the  
Sun.  

Rotation restarts, at  firstt  slowly but  then picking up  speed  until  a  dayy  on 
planet  Earth iss  much as itt  used to  be..  Just as rotation stops  within a  day,,  justt  
so rotation returns within a  day,,  much to  the  relief of  the  frantic survivors 
who fear  the  longg  dayy  or nightt  theyy  have been experiencing will  never end. 
The Earth’s rotation returns to  her  normal pace within dayss  ooff  tthhee  1122tthh  
Planet’s passage. In  factt,,  the  return occurs faster than a  mirror image  of  the  
stoppage of  rotation, due  to  thee  12th  Planet leaving the  solar system at  a  
faster cliipp  than the  speed  at  which itt  entered. When the  12th  Planet enters the  
solar system, itt  begins  what iss  essentially a  dive forr  the  Sun. As  a  repulsion 
force prevents  contact, the  12th  Planet inn  essence ricochets off  the  Sun,  
zooming pastt  and  on out of  thee  solar system. 

Thus,  within a  dayy  of  the  passage, the  Earth begins  to  rotate again,,  and 
within a  dayy  or two has  returned to  her  normal pace or rotation. Neverthe- 
lesss,,  during  an adjustment period  that  may last  several months or  even years, 
rotation may be  aa  bitt  erratic. One should not set  the  clock on a  24-hour day,,  
at  least not at  first..  

Polar Melt 

After a  polee  shift,,  icee  on the  former poless  invariably melt and  soften,  
while the  new poles  take on layerr  after  layerr  of  icee  and  snow. This pace iss  
not matched byy  the  pace of  icee  build-up, because polar-cap building onlyy  
stabilizes after  some centuries when evaporation and  melting att  glacial  edges  
equals  the  arrival of  newly  fallen snow. In  the  meantime the  waters rise  
worldwide, several hundred feett,,  and then recede again..  This pace iss  gradual, 
so that  coastal settlements have plentyy  of  time to  relocate, an exercise theyy  
find  theyy  must do  repeatedly. 

The melting willl  occur faster than  thee  reforming, forr  there aarree  more 

factors at  playy  forr  icee  to  form than  forr  icee  to  melt.  The icee  over thee  former 
poless  will  now be  facing  the  Sun,,  and  thee  melt  rate  willl  proceed based on thee  
aaiirr  tteemmppeerraattuurree  and  thee  absorption of  solar  rays,  both of  which will  be  high,,  
because thee  oldd  poless  will  now be  situated essentially at  the  new equator. 
Any  water at  the  new poless  willl  freeze,  but  thee  buildup  of  icee  on aa  polee  iss  not 
altogether from thee  water thatt  happened to  be  there  when thee  polee  took  

2455 



Zetatlalk 

position.  The buildup comes from precipitation, and  thiss  accumulates over 

hundreds of  years. The  Earth,  therefore, will  experience more water inn  ittss  
oceans for  some time  after  the  cataclysms. 

Whereas new icee  caps take  centuries to  fullyy  form,  existing poless  thrust 
under an equatorial sun melt rapidly..  The melting icee  caps will  thus  raise  thee  
sea level,,  worldwide, byy  650 to  700  feett  within two years. Survivors livingg  
below this  level will  find  themselves moving repeatedly as rivers begin  to  
overflow their  banks and marsh areas become lakes. Those planning survival 

~ ” sites  should consider thiss  factor as well  as  escape routes for  survivors who 
might  be  trapped by  the  risingg  water. Survival sites  should be  selected for  
their  abilityy  to  link  to  other land  areas that  will  be  above the  water line  as  
well,,  so  that  technologies and skills  can be  shared among the  survivors. 
Survivors thus  will  find  itt  possible rather than  impossible to  visit  each other 
inn  a  new world without maps, and  certainly without guidelines for  boats 
settingg  out on what willl  seem to  be  an endless sea. 

sHiee  

246 



40  
Impact on Society 

How would the  existing  governments be  maintained inn  a  world having 
undergone a  cataclysm such as we describe? The existence of  electricity will  
be  spotty. Communications will  inn  the  main return to  what iitt  was inn  the  
previous century, byy  letter  or carrier. The concept of  legislature even at  the  
county level would be  difficult to  maintain, much less  at  the  state or federal 
level. Add into  thiss  the  fact  that  the  geography will  change. Some lands will  
disappear, and others will  rise  from the  seas. The poless  will  alignn  inn  different 
parts  of  the  world. What iss  north? What iss  south? Maps previously drawn 
up  will  be  useless. 

We are not describing a  world where thee  established government iss 
likelyy  to  continue as  itt  was. We are describing a  world where new forms of  
governing will  emerge. The  type  willl  depend on the  nature of  thee  group of  
people.  As  we have detailed, there willl  be  an increasing separation of  
service-to-others from service-to-self. Those groups oriented to  service-to- 
others will  not require  the  same controls that  are required today..  Rather than 
the  problem of  citizens stealing  from each other,,  held inn  check onlyy  byy  the  

2477 



Zetatalk 

enforcement of  law,,  these new communities willl  share. Consideration will  

be  the  rulee,,  rather than thee  rule  of  law.  For  those groups oriented increas- 

inglyy  to  service-to-self, no laws or  corps of  policee  would hold  the  self--  

serving  actions inn  check. There, thee  rule  of  law  iss  supplanted by  the  rule  of  

the  strong. 

How will  the  governments take  beingg  so  supplanted? Will theyy  attempt 
to  collect taxes, order cooperation, or demand allegiance? Some lone 
individuals will  attempt to  do  so,,  perhaps inn  small bands, but  where there iss  
no food,  and  the  citizenry iss  essentially homeless, these attempts will  turn 
about on the  so-called representatives of  the  people.  Where iss  the  govern- 
ment assistance? What does the  government anticipate doing  forr  itss  citi--  
zenry? Why,  when the  government was assuring the  populace that  theyy  
should not be  alarmed by  the  approaching comet, should the  populace now 
givee  any  heed to  the  so called government? On the  local  level,  there may be  
some continuance, according to  the  competence of  the  local government. 
Leadership will  have to  be  earned. 

Increasingly as  the  year 2003 approaches, there will  be  sculpting of  
reserves in  thee  U.S. for  not  onlyy  thee  military but  also  forr  what iss  termed a  
carry-on government. Those whose lives  have been inn  government service 
cannot imagine lifee  otherwise. As  the  population would be  likelyy  to  swarm 
onto military  bases, demanding to  be  fedd,,  those bases that  will  be  set  aside 
forr  a  government recoup will  be  made undesirable to  the  public—the storage 
of  biological warfare components, nuclear warheads, or armaments likelyy  to  
explode during  massive earthquakes. There iss  no way for  the  public  to  
determine which report of  storage of  undesirables iss true or untrue, and  we 
are not advising that  people  go  to  military bases. In  truth,,  alll  such locales,  
whether the  story  was true or not,  will  be  undesirable. 

Any  survivors close to  such a  military  depot  or processing center forr  
biological weapons disposal or nuclear weapons reserves will  find  them- 
selves equally distressed. If  the  stories are true,  then theyy  are living,,  iff  livingg  
at  alll,,  steeped inn  poison during  the  Aftertime. If  the  stories are not true,  then 
theyy  are livingg  close to  former government workers and military who want to  
reestablish a  government. The rationale iss  that  the  populace will  be  better off  
with thiss  governance, so theyy  are doing  aa  service. In  truth,,  there iss nothing  
such  aa  tattered remnant of  a  federal government could do  for  the  populace  

248 



Impact on Society 

that  theyy  could not do  better for  themselves. Naturally, the  firstt  thingg  these 
former government workers willl  be  looking to  do  iiss  impose taxes, and  
without a  money base,  this  will  be  inn  the  form of  food and  supplies..  

Death Rate 

The Earth iss  habitable after  the  cataclysm, and  thiss  iss  why  the  human 
species has  continued through previous cataclysms. Life  iss  rough, and lifee  iss  
short. The infant mortality iss  horrific. The strong survive, and  where there iss  
communal cooperation among caring  people, the  odds are not reallyy  that  bad.  
Habitability varies,  depending on location. Volcanic eruptions continue from 
activated volcanoes that  take  some time to  settle down. The rains  seem 
continuous, but  plantt  lifee  does not mind thiss  as  much as  the  mammals tryingg  
to  gett  dryy..  Diets are -not as varied as  before, as farr  as  stapless  go,  but  inn  other 
regards are more varied. Those who survive learn to  eat  everything, includ- 
ingg  bugs..  Bugs  are numerous, growing inn  great  numbers inn  thee  humidity, and  
livingg  off  the  tissue from the  dead,  which seems to  be  everywhere. 

During past  cataclysms the  human population was also  decimated, but  
as primitive conditions prevailed, death from earthquake damage was slightt,,  
and  almost alll  the  survivors were familiar with farming practices. Housing 
during  past  cataclysms was lightt,,  made of  straw or wood or cloth as  inn  tents, 
and  thiss  splintered or blew away during  earthquakes rather than  landing on 
and  crushing the  inhabitants. Unless the  humans were unlucky enough to  be  
inn  the  pathh  of  a  tidal  wave or lava  flow or standing on heaving or  hot  earth— 
theyy  survived. Following pastt  cataclysms, the  survivors did  not have much 
lesss  after  the  cataclysms than theyy  had  had before, as  theyy  had  been livingg  a  
bare-survival existence as  is..  Life  became harder, of  course, as one could 
plantt  but  would find  no harvest and  domesticated animals soon died from 
lack of  feed.  Fewer and  fewer fish  were inn  thee  streams, fruit  and  nut trees 
failed to  bear,,  and  produce normally harvested from thee  wild suffered in  likee  

manner. The survivors found themselves faced with  having  to  be  resource- 

full,,  eating  whatever could be  found—bark, bugs,,  moss, leaves,  and  on 

occasion each other. 

The coming polee  shift  willl  differ  from pastt  cataclysms inn  several 

respects, however, alll  of  which willl  bode illll forr  the  present human populace. 
Consequently, we predictt  that  90% of  thee  population willl  diee  as  a  direct or  

indirect result  of  thee  cataclysms, with  thee  remainder polarizing due  to  the  

2499 



Zetatalk 

increasing polarization of  the  spirituall  orientations. This Aftertime willl  be  

different, spiritually  as  well  as  physically. The population iss  urban, rather 

than  rural.  The  Industrial Revolution, which has  touched almost every 

country, has  paved  the  way forr  a  virtual  flip-flop  inn  thee  proportion of  peoplee  

dedicated to  agriculture. In  pastt  eras almost 100% of  thee  populace was 

farming, but  inn  industrialized countries mechanized farming allows almostt  

100% of  the  population too  be  freed  from thiss  task..  These survivors will  have 

almost no concept of  how to  livee  off  the  land. 

Because non-farming occupations are almost invariably physically idle,,  
the  population iss  soft..  Even housekeeping, once exhausting, iss  slothful due  
to  modern labor-saving devices. These survivors, out of  shape,  will  find  their  
softt  bodies an unneeded burden during  the  Aftertime. High-rise buildings or 
even modern housing will  be  death traps  duringg  the  cataclysms, trapping 
inhabitants iff  not crushing them. Where housing inn  the  past  was primarily 
single-storey shacks with straw or lightweight roofs,  today  such a  domicile 
would never be  considered. Housing must be  solid,,  and  crowded cities built  
up,  stacking people on topp  of  one another inn  buildings that  will  invariably 
tumble duringg  the  massive earthquakes that  accompany aa  cataclysm. 

Coastal areas are crowded, being  considered prime  livingg  space and  the  
populace having been freed from thee  necessity of  farming. Cities of  millions 
will  go  under gigantic  tidal  waves, and  none will  be  found livingg  when the  
waters recede. Man has  created poisons and  weapons that  will  be  turned 
against  him  during and  following thee  cataclysms. Chemical tanks will  
explode, spewing their  contents, and  an armed populace will  find  weapons 
used to  wrench precious food from those without weapons. Cannibalism will  
occur where food iss  so scarce that  none iss  to  be  found anywhere, and  the  
young will  be  taken first..  Parents who defend their young will  be  killed and  
eaten also.  Where inn  the  past  the  urge to  eat  one another pittedd  the  strong 
against  the  strong inn  battles that  seldom were anything but  a  standstill, 
weapons such as  handguns are a  great  equalizer. The one with  the  gun wins. 
Gunfights will  also  break out,,  and  with  no law  enforcement, with  murderous 
results. 

250 



Impact on Society 

Starvation 

Except for  those few who have prepared, humans surviving the  cata- 
clysms will  find  themselves without food. In  the  cities  this  will  happen 
quickly, as  fresh or frozen foods will  spoill  due  to  total  power failure,  and 
canned and dried goods will  onlyy  go  so far..  Then what? Rural areas, where 
one would presume to  find  gardens putt  in  and  livestock inn  abundance, will  
not be  much better off..  The drought and irregular weather will  have taken 
their  tolll,,  to  say  nothing of  thee  cataclysms themselves. How longg  willl  a  
hhuunngry farmer hand grainn  to  hiss  livestock? He will  eat  the  grain  himself and  
the  livestock, and when he  getss  hungry enough he  will  eat  his  lastt  breeding 
pairr  and his  seed stock. Gone. 

Planting and  harvesting will  not go  on as before, as  the  gloom that  
follows a  cataclysm iss  devastating to  vegetation. If  vegetation survives the  
droughts that  precede the  cataclysms and thee  haill  and  fire  storms and highh  
winds that  occur during  the  cataclysms, then itt  must next survive an almost 
continual deluge and  lack  of  sunlight. The comeback after  a  cataclysm iss  
not,  inn  the  main,  from domesticated plants  and animals, although some 
dedicated farmers will  bringg  their  breeding pairss  and  seed stock through. The 
comeback iss  from wilderness areas, from sturdy  roots that  keep  on trying  and  
scattered seed that  keeps  on sprouting. In  the  meantime, humans starve. 

Money 

Money will  begin  to  lose  itss  value longg  before the  cataclysms hit..  This 
will  be  worldwide, and  in  almost alll  cultures. Why should this  be  the  case, 
when, as we have stated,  the  majority of  humanity will  either be  unaware of  
the  coming cataclysms or inn  denial? The financial structure of  the  world’s 
ffiinnaanncciiaall  empires iiss  reallyy  quitee  fragile..  Look to  the  swings of  the  stock 
markets, thee  bond markets, and  other speculations. Panic sets inn  att  a  

moment’s notice. The problem iss  that  financial matters are based on human 

perceptions of  worth. This  moves about,  even inn  thee  most stable of  times. 
The value of  an item increases during  shortage, plummets during  times of  

plenty,,  and  otherwise iss  affected byy  various perceptions of  beingg  inn  thee  righhtt  
placee  at  the  rightt  time.  There are gamblers aplenty  inn  the  financial arenas. 

One of  the  reasons thatt  financial giantss  among thee  elitee  seek  to  negate 
awareness of  thee  alien presence iss  theirr  fearr  of  the  repercussions on the  

financial markets. Iff  theyy  cannot negate  awareness, theyy  seek  to  minimize 

25]1 



Zetatalk 

panic..  Look to  history,  to  see how littllee  itt took to  create financial panics..  

What with the  millennium approaching, and  alll  the  dire  predictions made byy  

many, true or untrue, many people  worldwide will  be  on edge..  Add to  thiss  

thee  increasing crop failures, with consequent food  shortages, affecting  thee  

markets inn  commodities. Humans of  good  heart  concerned with survival 
through  the  cataclysms are advised not to  look  to  the  money markets for  
assistance. Put  your money into  land and  stable structures, documentation on 
the  technologies and scientific knowledge of  today,  and apparatus with which 
to  grow hydroponic vegetables and  tanks forr  fish  and  crustaceans on the  
nutrients from recycled sewage. 

The impoverished individual may find  himself without goods or 
services, but  as  this  iss  hiss  status quo under normal circumstances, he  will  
mobilize himself more effectively during the  Aftertime. He will  grieve  less  
and  ponder hiss  options  more, and  take risks  where the  wealthy sitt  on the  
remnants of  their  toys  untill  death overtakes them. Inn  like  manner, those who 
are physically or mentally handicapped may have an advantage over those 
who are whole inn  the  Aftertime. They  have alreadyy  adjusted to  being  dimin- 
ished and  looked down upon. The palsied  individual will  find  himself 
comforting those who have newly  lostt  an eye  or a  hand,  and  the  chronically 
mentally illll  may find  themselves counseling those who have gone mad from 
the  turmoil and  sense of  loss..  Survival iss  to  a  great  extent based on the  
abilittyy  to  adapt,,  and  inn  this  way those on the  bottom today  have an advantage 
over those on the  top..  

thi 

2522 



41  
Survival 

Small cooperative groups, operating inn  thee  service-to-others orientation, 
where the  concerns of  alll  are the  concerns of  each,,  will  have the  best  
chances. Most important iss  a  cooperative attitude among the  group, with a  
willingness to  undertake distasteful tasks,,  a  desire to  share among alll  what 
littlee  there may be,,  and aa  positive attitude toward the  future. Sunlight may be  
scarce, SoO crops grown under artificial lighhtt  will  be  most abundant. Rivers 
and  seas may be  poisoned, what with the  volcanic dust fallingg  everywhere, so 
fish  tanks fed  from algaee  grown inn  human sewage will  likewise be  most 
abundant. Certain crops fairr  better and  go  further than others. Good cooks, 
skilled at  making the  plainn  fare  tasty,,  will  be  much appreciated. These 
groups will  experience a  natural way of  lifee  reminiscent of  lifee  during  the  lastt  
century. 

Itt  iss  no small matter to  have music, poetry, and  art.  This fillss  the  heart 
of  the  musician, poet,  or artist  as  much as  thee  recipient. There will  be  much 
need forr  such distraction, as the  dayss  will  be  dim,  and  the  nightss  dark  and 
long..  But do  plann  to  educate your young. Save educational material. There 
iss  no reason that  technology should stop,,  justt  because the  infrastructure of  
human society has  been torn asunder. Technology iss  inn  the  minds and  
documentation that  alll  humans can access, and  rescue. Do that.  

Safety  Measures 

The cataclysms present those who would survive with  several chal-  
lenges—hailstones, firee  storms with  a  brief periodd  of  oxygen depletion, 

earthquakes of  a  magnitude mankind has  never experienced, rapidd  mountain 
building, spewing volcanoes, winds of  hurricane force,,  and  tidal  waves highh  
enough to  sweep over talll  buildings. What to  do?  

2533 



Zetatalk 

Tidal Waves 

As  the  exact position off  the  Earth when itt  stops  rotation cannot be  

calculated, justt  which shore willl  experience thee  worst tidall  waves cannot be  

predicted. This  iss  more severe on the  dark side  off t thhee  Earth, as thee  waters are 

gripped byy  thee  passing comet on thee  side  facing  thee  Sun,,  and thus  are not as freee  

to  floww..  Practically speaking, to  take  no chances, one should have at  least 200  

feett  off  elevation and  be  at  least  100  miles away from  any shore. 

Volcanoes 

Clearly safetyy  involves removing oneself  from  active or even relatively 
active volcanoes. Volcanoes, new and old,,  will  present those livingg  nearby with  
sudden activity during thee  cataclysms, with littlee  warning. 

Mountain Building 

Remove yourselves from  areas where mountain building iss  likellyy  to  occur. 
Flat  plains  or plateaus are safestt..  In  thiss,,  geological analysis off  plates  should 
be  your guide..  Dont be  above a  subducting plate,,  as even iff y ou are riding  on 
top,,  the  ground beneath you may be  heated white hot,,  from  friction. 

Earthquakes 

The earthquakes will  essentially level  alll  cities, and off  course railways, 
landing strips,,  and highways and bridges will  be  unusable. Don t f igure  on any 
power or water systems to  be  functional, and the  telephones will  surely  be  
permanently dead. When the  earthquakes are expected, lliee f latt..  In  this  way you 
will  skid and slide a  few  feett..  Standing, or positioned at  a  height,,  you will  be  
dashed. And byy  alll  means, do  not be  under aa  structure that  willl  falll  down and 
crush you. 

Hailstones and Fire storms 

Metal roofss  will  deflectt  the  firee  storms and  hailstones also,  iff s ufficiently 
thick. For largee  meteors, which are few,,  there iss  no safetyy  measure to  be  taken. 
Trust to  luck,,  there.  Iff  thee  shelter you are inn  iss  not open to  the  outside, temporary 
depletion off  oxygen will  not affectt  you. 

2504 



Survival 

Crops 
After the  cataclysms, livestock will  be  eaten or will  die  for  lack  of  feed.  

Seeds sown will  faill  to  thrive after germination from lack  of  sunlight and  the  
excessive drenching rains. What will  the  survivors eat? Those who have 
prepared byy  establishing intensive indoor gardening such as  hydroponics and 
the  most protein-efficient animal husbandry, fish  tanks and ponds,  will  find  
themselves not onlyy  subsisting but  subsisting well. Such arrangements 
require  indoor lighting. Hydroponics can be  grown around thee  clock and fish  
eeaatt  eeiitthheerr  tthhiiss  produce oorr  water plants  that  feed  off  the  community’s sewage 
effluent, but  the  base of  thiss  food chain iss  the  hydroponic vegetation. 

For plants,  lighhtt  iss  lifee,,  for  without itt  plantss  die..  Such indoor farming, 
inn  placee  priorr  to  the  cataclysms, should not relyy  on lighting from either the  
Sun or the  utilittyy  companies. Both will  inn  essence go  out during the  decades 
immediately following the  cataclysms. Power for  indoor lighting should relyy  
on harnessing wind,  or water flows,  or  other such mechanical generation that  
can be  counted upon to  be  present after  the  cataclysms. Food stuffs that  can 
be  grown without artificial lighhtt  and  will  do  quitee  nicelyy  on the  gloomy lighhtt  
supplied by  the  Sun are mushrooms, earthworms, and  various insects that  
feed on dead tissue. 

After the  cataclysms bugs  will  be  inn  abundance, as dead tissue from 
both plants  and animals iss  everywhere. This  trend can be  taken advantage of,,  
as  distasteful as  that  concept might  be  to  humans who have never eaten a  
bbuugg. Larvae, grown inn  humus, can be  turned into  pureed and  creamed soups, 
puddings, or omelets byy  skilled cooks. Those eatingg  the  fare  would never 
guess that  the  base was not cream, milk,  and  eggs. For those humans who do  
not prepare, theyy  will  find  themselves eatingg  bugs  inn  any case, as  meals from 
what theyy  can catch or find  growing will  be  few  and  farr  between. 

Safe Water 

After the  cataclysms mankind’s problems with hiss  water supply  will  
take  a  quantum leapp..  Water, from alll  sources, may be  poisoned, with  thee  oldd  

standby,  rainwater, failingg  to  provide  potable  water. During thee  polee  shiftt  
volcanoes, old  and  new, will  violently explode. The resulting  ash  will  sifftt  

down from thee  upper atmosphere forr  decades, poisoning ground  water. 

Humans driven to  drink thiss  gritttyy  water will  findd  more than  griitt  between 

their  teeth—they will  findd  their  nervous system beginning to  faiill  them,,  their  

255 



Zetatalk 

eye  sightt  fading,  and  theirr  digestive system intolerant of  any  food theyy  may 

find..  We are speaking here primarily of  lead  poisoning, which iss  not aa  

problem man expects from the  water nature provides. Lead settles and  over 

eons settles down out of  thee  way, but  after  a  cataclysm thee  lead-heavy mantle 

has  been spewed out  over thee  landscape, and  most of  thiss  vomit will  be  inn  thee  

form of  fine  billowing dust.  

During  thee  cataclysms the  ground  iss  heaved and  jerked,  and  any wells 

or pipingg  will  be  shattered. In  that  the  ground  water iss  as  likelyy  to  carry 

poisons as the  surface, having  filtered down from the  surface, what looks like  
pure  water from underground may be,,  again,,  a  slow death. Ground water 
also  iss  subject  to  contact with  the  lead-heavy mantle, which most often does 
not make itt  alll  the  way to  the  surface during  eruptions. Iff  one cannot trust 
the  usual water supply,  what to  do?  Distillation processes or recycling water 
known to  be  pure are two approaches likelyy  to  provide a  steady  supply  of  
water. This may seem tedious to  those so used to  taking  fresh,,  pure water for  
granted, but  those who prepare forr  the  times ahead will  not find  themselves 
suddenly without one of  life’s  necessities. 

Internet 

Computer networks such as  thee  Internet will  survive the  cataclysms 
according to  their structure. Any  electrical appliance protected from damage 
will  operate after  the  cataclysms as  before, provided a  source of  electricity iss  
available. Networks are another matter, as  there are many parts  to  thee  whole, 
and  in  the  main any  breakage will  disable the  whole—the weak link  theory  inn  
action. Networks relying  on wires run over the  Earth cannot be  expected to  
be  operational. Likewise, networks operating by  satellite bounce will  find  
themselves with a  problem when the  satellites are torn from the  skies. How 
then  willl  computer networks operate? We would suggest that  networks 
established byy  dish,,  not relying on satellites, may be  a  solution. From highh  
point  to  high  pointt  on Earth,  such  a  network could operate after the  cata- 
clysms. 

“—H-e 

2566 



Troubled Times 

Troubled Times believes that  aa  worldwide cataclysm of  massive propor- 
tions will  strike the  Earth inn  the  year 2003. The cause of  thiss  natural event 
will  be  a  monster planet,,  known to  the  ancients but  as  yett  undiscovered byy  
modern man, which will  pass very near the  Earth as  partt  of  itss  normal 3,600- 
year orbit  around the  Sun. The ancients called thiss  monster the  12th  Planet, 
and as  thiss  magnetic giantt  passes by,,  itt  will  force our north and  south poles  to  
rotate 90°.  The shifting poless  will  drag  the  Earth's crust with them, ultimately 
producing a  new global  map inn  a  matter of  hours inn  a  massive cataclysm 
affecting alll  lifee  on Earth. These events have occurred before, as  ancient 
legends and  prophecies foretell,  creating what man interprets to  be  icee  ages, 
wandering poless  and the  flood,  and  have resulted inn  thee  extinction of  the  
mastodon and the  sinking of  Atlantis. 

Mankind survived these pastt  cataclysms, some because theyy  were 
lucky,,  and others because theyy  foresaw events and  took  precautions. To  
prepare forr  thiss  event, Troubled Times, a  volunteer organization, was formed. 
The Troubled Times mission iss  to  placee  into  thee  public  record aa  set  of  solu- 

2577 



Zetatlalk 

tions forr  survival into  thee  next century, solutions thatt  are affordable, attain- 

able,,  and  which will  produce aa  healthy life-style inn  thee  Aftertime. These 

solutions can be  found radiating from The Hub of  Troubled Times, which iss 

icon  driven to  helpp  the  public  rapidlyy  locate information. 

Those who wish to  joinn  this  volunteer organization have  but  to  check 

out the  current ongoing teamwork and  joinn  tthe  membership ttoo  enter iinnttoo  tthhee  
stream of  activityy  and  offer  their  contributions. Where ZetaTalk supports the  
operation of  Troubled Timess,,  the  two are separate entities,  as  iss  thee  nonprofit 
organization, Troubled Times, Inc.  Original works within Troubled Times are 
owned by  the  individual contributors, who have granted Troubled Times the  
rightt  to  make this  information available too  tthee  public..  

Lack of  preparation forr  the  cataclysms may be  worse than fatal—it may 
leave you and  those you care about injured,  hungry, frightened, and with no 
recourse or end  inn  sight!!  Starting  inn  1997 the  Earth's warming trend,  stem- 
ming  from her  core, was noticed and  has  become aa  general topicc  of  conversa- 
tion.  Prepare now forr  self  sufficiency inn  a  safe  location. Starting inn  2000,  
three years priorr  to  the  cataclysms, a  period  of  crop shortages will  be  so 
severe that  alternative food production needs to  be  begun and practiced inn  
earnest. This iss  when you should become practiced att  self  sufficiency. 
Starting inn  May,  2003, the  Earth's rotation will  stop  within a  dayy  and hold  forr  
several dayss  justt  priorr  to  the  pole  shift.  This iss  when you and your loved ones 
should be  situated at  your safe location. 

Visit Troubled Times online at  

http://www.zetatalk.com 

To  order more copies  of  this  book, call  1-800-366-0264 or visit  the  5Sth  
World of  Publishing online at  

http://Sthworld.com 

2588 






UFOs /  Earth Changes ;|  $14.95 ||  

Each human must confront  hiss  own anxieties when firsstt  facing 

the  many wrenching realities that  are surfacing during  thee  Awakening. For 

mankind, thiss  iss  not a  singlee  realization, as thee  Awakening carries more than 

news off  the  alien presence, does more than simply  challenge religion  

and the  pet  concept that  man alone iss  inn  thee  image off  God,  . 

and asks  forr  more than an adjustment to  the  concept off  reincarnation 
and that  heaven and hell  are off  our own making. 

from the  Zetas inn  Service to  Others 

This grandd  compilation of  information began being  fed  to  Nancy Lieder,  
an enhanced contactee, on.aann on-line forumm inin  1995 

when contactees were challenged to  query their  alien  visitors, 
and  the  Zetas were prolific  inn  their  response. 

ZetattTaallk covers many subjects, including... 

@  The coming Pole Shift on Earth caused by  thee  orbit  of  the  12th  Planet ~ 
moving closer to  our sun, and  howw  this  relates to  the  coming 
millennium transformation the  world iss about to  undergo, 

@  Alien visitations and how theyy  can be  more easilyy  interpreted when 
spiritual orientation iss  understood, 

®@  How visitors from otheerr  worlds are observed by  the  Council of  Worlds, 
which has  set  rules regulating  their  behavior, ‘ 

®  How visitors can disappear and move through walls,  

@  Why we are onlyy  gradually getting  acquainted with our visitors from 
other worlds and  what will  allow our awakening to  occur faster,,  

@  What future physical and  spiriittuuaall  density  changes will  be  likee,,  

@  What the  Zetas have to  say  about our science  theorieess,,  

@  Straight  Zeta talk  about the  human brain,  auras, telepathy and human.: | 
history on Earth. 

‘f  
An absorbing, fascinating, logical  and fact-filled volume that : 

will  givee  you clear guidance in  these changing’ t’itimmeess..  

ZT ISBN 1-893183-31-515- 7 
Cranite 

Publishing — | [M|IM AINEMTMC ILINMINN  aiTi 
g I 83155 

Fy i
